and all my people thats drug dealin jus to get by stack ya money till it gets sky high
we wasnt supposed to make it past 25 but the jokes on you we still alive
throw your hands up in the sky and say we don't care what people say

if this is your first time hearing this
you are about to experience something cold man
we never had nothing handed took nothing for granted
took nothing from no man, man I'm my own man
but as a shorty I looked up to the dopeman
only adult man I knew that wasnt a broke man
flickin starter coats man, man you ount no man
we don't care what people say
this is for my niggas outside all winter
cuz this summer they aint finna to say next summer im finna
sittin in the hood like community colleges
this dope money here is lil treys scholarship
cause aint no to tuition for havin no ambition
and aint no loans for sittin your ass at home
so we forced to sell crack rap and get a job
you gotta do something man your ass is grown

drug dealin jus to get by stack ya money till it gets sky high

kids sing kids sing

we wasnt supposed to make it past 25 but the jokes on you we still alive
throw your hands up in the sky and say we don't care what people say

the second verse is for my dogs working 9 to 5
that still hustle cause a nigga can't shine off $6.55
and everybody selling make-up, jacobs
and bootleg tapes just to get they cake up
we put shit on layaway then come back
we claim other people kids on our income tax
we take that money cop work than push packs to get paid
and we don't care what people say
momma say she wanna move south
scratchin lottery tickets eyes on a new house
around the same time doe ran up in dudes house
couldnt get a job
so since he couldnt get work he figured hed take work
the drug game bolemic its hard to get weight
so niggas money is homo its hard to get straight
so we gon keep baking to the day we get cake.
and we dont care what people say
my niggas

drug dealin jus to get by stack ya money till it gets sky high

kids sing kids sing

we wasnt supposed to make it past 25 but the jokes on you we still alive
throw your hands up in the sky and say we don't care what people say

you know the kids gonna act a fool
when you stop the programs for after school
and they dcfs them some of them dislecsic
they favorite 50 cent song's 12 questions
we scream, rock, blows, weed park
so now we smart
we aint retards the way teachers thought
hold up hold fast we make mo'cash
now tell my momma I belong in the slow class
it's bad enough we on welfare
you trying to put me on the school bus with the space for the wheel chair
im trying to get the car with the chromy wheels here
you tryin to cut our lights like we dont live here
look at whats handed us our fatheres abandoned us
when we get the hammers gone and call the ambulance
sometimes I feel no one in this world understands us
but we dont care what people say
my niggas

drug dealin jus to get by stack ya money till it gets sky high

kids sing kids sing

we wasnt supposed to make it past 25 but the jokes on you we still alive
throw your hands up in the sky and say we don't care what people say

I'm no longer confused but don't tell anybody.
I'm about to break the rules but don't tell anybody.
I got something better than school but don't tell anybody.
my momma would kill me but don't anybody.
she wants me to get a good ass job just like everybody.
she ain'twalked in my shoes I'm just not everybody.

oh when it all, it all falls down
I'm telling you ohh, it all falls down

man I promise, she's so self conscious
she has no idea what she's doing in college
that major that she majored in don't make no money
but she won't drop out, her parents will look at her funny
now, tell me that ain't insecurrre
the concept of school seems so securrre
sophmore three yearrrs aint picked a careerrr
she like fuck it, i'll just stay down herre and do hair
cause that's enough money to buy her a few pairs of new airs
cause her baby daddy don't really care
she's so precious with the peer pressure
couldn't afford a car so she named her daughter alexus (a lexus)
she had hair so long that it looked like weave
then she cut it all off now she look like eve
and she be dealing with some issues that you can't believe
single black female addicted to retail and well

man I promise, I'm so self conscious
that's why you always see me with at least one of my watches
rollies and pasha's done drove me crazy
I can't even pronounce nothing, pass that versace!
then I spent 400 bucks on this
just to be like nigga you ain't up on this!
and I can't even go to the grocery store
without some ones thats clean and a shirt with a team
it seems we living the American dream
but the people highest up got the lowest self esteem
the prettiest people do the ugliest things
for the road to riches and diamond rings
we shine because they hate us, floss cause they degrade us
we trying to buy back our 40 acres
and for that paper, look how low we a'stoop
even if you in a benz, you still a nigga in a coop/coupe

I say fuck the police, thats how I treat em
we buy our way out of jail, but we can't buy freedom
we'll buy a lot of clothes when we don't really need em
things we buy to cover up what's inside
cause they make us hate ourself and love they wealth
that's why shortys hollering "where the ballas' at?"
drug dealer buy jordans, crackhead buy crack
and a white man get paid off of all of that
but I ain't even gon act holier than thou
cause fuck it, I went to jacob with 25 thou
before I had a house and i'd do it again
cause I wanna be on 106 and park pushing a benz
I wanna act ballerific like it's all terrific
I got a couple past due bills, I won't get specific
I got a problem with spending before I get it
we all self conscious I'm just the first to admit it

yo, we at war
we at war with terrorism, racism, and most of all we at war with ourselves
(Jesus walks)
god show me the way because the devil trying to break me down
(Jesus walks with me) with me, with me, with me

you know what the midwest is?
young & restless
where restless (niggas) might snatch your necklace
and next these (niggas) might jack your lexus
somebody tell these (niggas) who Kanye West is
I walk through the valley of the shadow of death is
top floor the view alone will leave you breathless uhhhh!
try to catch it uhhhh! it's kinda hard hard
getting choked by the detectives yeah yeah now check the method
they be asking us questions, harass and arrest us
saying "we eat pieces of shit like you for breakfast"
huh? yall eat pieces of shit? what's the basis?
we ain't going nowhere but got suits and cases
a truck full of crap rental car from avis
my momma used to say only Jesus can save us
well momma I know I act a fool
but i'll be gone 'til november I got packs to move I hope

(Jesus walks)
god show me the way because the devil trying to break me down
(Jesus walks with me)
the only thing that that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now
(Jesus walks)
and I don't think there is nothing I can do now to right my wrongs
(Jesus walks with me)
I want to talk to god but I'm afraid because we ain't spoke in so long

to the hustlers, killers, murderers, drug dealers even the strippers
(Jesus walks with them)
to the victims of welfare for we living in hell here hell yeah
(Jesus walks with them)
now hear ye hear ye want to see thee more clearly
I know he hear me when my feet get weary
cause we're the almost nearly extinct
we rappers are role models we rap we don't think
I ain't here to argue about his facial features
or here to convert atheists into believers
I'm just trying to say the way school need teachers
the way kathie lee needed regis that's the way I need Jesus
so here go my single dog radio needs this
they say you can rap about anything except for Jesus
that means guns, sex, lies, video tapes
but if I talk about god my record won't get played huh?
well let this take away from my spins
which will probably take away from my ends
then I hope this take away from my sins
and bring the day that I'm dreaming about
next time I'm in the club everybody screaming out

(Jesus walks)
god show me the way because the devil trying to break me down
(Jesus walks)
the only thing that that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now
(Jesus walks)
and I don't thing there's nothing I can do now to right my wrongs
(Jesus walks with me... fades)
I want to talk to god but I'm afraid because we ain't spoke in so long

i've been workin' this graveshift and I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly past the sky
i've been workin' this graveshift and I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly past the sky

man, man, man
if my manager insults me again I will be assaulting him
after I fuck the manager up then I'm gonna shorten the register up
let's go back, back to the gap
look at my check, wasn't no scratch
so if I stole, wasn't my fault
yeah I stole, never got caught
they take me to the back and pat me
askin' me about some khakis
but let some black people walk in
I bet they show off their token blackie
oh now they love kanye, let's put him all in the front of the store
saw him on break next to the 'no smoking' sign with a blunt and a mall'
takin' my hits, writin' my hits
writin' my rhymes, playin' my mind
this fuckin' job can't help him
so I quit, y'all welcome
y'all don't know my struggle
y'all can't match my hustle
you can't catch my hustle
you can't fathom my love dude
lock yourself in a room doin' five beats a day for three summers
that's a different world like kree summers
I deserve to do these numbers
the kid that made that deserves that maybach
so many records in my basement
I'm just waitin' on my spaceship, blaow

i've been workin' this graveshift and I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly past the sky
i've been workin' this graveshift and I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly past the sky

man, I'm talkin' way past the sky
let's go, yeah
and I didn't even try to work a job
represent the mob
at the same time thirsty on the grind
chI state of mind
lost my momma, lost my mind
+my life, my love+ that's not mine
why you ain't signed?
wasn't my time
leave me alone, work for y'all
half of it's yours, half of it's mine
only one to ball
never one to fall
gotta get mine
gotta take mine
got a tech nine
reach my prime
gotta make these haters respect mine
in the mall 'til 12 when my schedule said nine
puttin' them pants on shelves
waitin' paitently I ask myself
where I wanna go, where I wanna be
life is much more than runnin' in the streets
holla at 'ye, hit me with the beat
put me on my feet
sound so sweet
yes I'm the same ol' g, same goatee
stayin' low key, nope
holler at god "man why'd you had to take my folks?"
hope to see freddy g., yusef g
love my g, rolly g
police watch me smoke my weed, count my g's
got a lot of people countin' on me
and I'm just tryin' to find my peace
should of finished school like my niece
then I wouldn't finally wouldn't use my piece, blaow
aw man, all this pressure

i've been workin' this graveshift and I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly past the sky
i've been workin' this graveshift and I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly past the sky

I remember havin' to take the dollar cab
comin' home real late at night
standin' on my feet all damn day
tryin' to make this thing right
and havin' one of my co-workers say "yo you look just like
this kid I seen in the old busta rhymes video the other night"
well easy come, easy go
how that sayin' goes
no more broad service, cars, and them tv shows
I all had that snatched from me
and all the faculties all turn their back on me
and didn't wanna hear a rap from me
so naturally actually had to face things factually
had to be a catastrophe with the fridgest starin' back at me
cuz nothing's there, nothing's fair
I don't wanna ever go back there
so I won't be takin' no days off 'til my spaceship takes off

i've been workin' this graveshift and I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly past the sky
i've been workin' this graveshift and I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly past the sky

I wanna fly, I wanna fly
I said I want my chariot to pick me up
and take me brother for a ride

yeah grandmama
told you I won't let you down
told you I won't let this rap game change me, right?

when it comes to being true, at least true to me
one thing I found,one thing I found
oh no you'll neva let me down,
get up I get(down)
get up I get(down)
get up I get(down)
get up I get(down)
get up I get(down)
get up I get(down)

yo, yo first I snatched the street then I snatched the charts,
first had they ear now I hav they're heart,
rappers came and went,
i've been hear from the start,
seen them put it together
watch them take it apart,
see the rovers roll up wit ribbons
i've seen them re-poed, re-sold and re-driven
so when I reload, he holds #1 position
when u hot I'm hot
and when your feet cold, mines is sizzelin
it's plain to see
nigga's can't f*** wit me
cuz ima be that nigga fo life
this is not an image
this is god given
this is hard liven
mixed wit crystal sipping
it's the most consistent
hov
give you the most hits you can fit inside a whole disc and
nigga I'm home on these charts, y'all niggaz visitin
it's hov tradition, jeff gordan of rap
I'm back to claim pole position, holla at ya boy


I get down for my grandfather who took my momma
made her sit that seat where white folks ain't wanna us to eat
at the tender age of 6 she was arrested for the sit in
with that in my blood I was born to be different
now niggas can't make it to ballots to choose leadership
but we can make it to jacob and to the dealership
that's why I hear new music
and I just don't be feeling it
racism still alive they just be concealing it
but I know they don't want me in the damn club
they even made me show i.d to get inside of sam's club
I did dirt and went to church to get my hands scrubbed
swear i've been baptised at least 3 or 4 times
but in the land where nigga's praise
yukons and getting paid
it gon' take a lot more than coupons to get us saved
like it take a lot more than do-rags to get your waves
noting sadder than that day my girl father past away
so I promised to mr rany I'm gonna marry your daughter
and u know I gotta thank u for they way that she was brought up
and I know that u were smiling when u see that car I bought her
and u sent tears from heaven when u seen my car get balled up
but I can't complaint what the accident did to my left eye
cuz look what a accident did to left eye
first aaliyah and now romeo must die
I know a got angels watching me from the other side


we are all here for a reason on a particular path
you don't need a curriculum to know that you are part of the math
cats think I'm delirious, but I'm so damn serious
that's why I expose my soul to the globe, the world
I'm trying to make it better for these little boys and girls
I'm not just another individual, my spirit is a part of this
that's why I get spiritual, but I get my hymns from him
so it's not me, it's he that's lyrical
I'm not a miracle, I'm a heaven-sent instrument
my rhythmatic regimen navigates melodic notes for your soul and your mental
that's why I'm instrumental
vibrations is what I'm into
yeah, I need my loot by rent day
but that is not what gives me the heart of kunte kinte
I'm tryina give us "us free" like cinque
I can't stop, that's why I'm hot
determination, dedication, motivation
I'm talking to you, my many inspirations
when I say I can't, let you or self down
if I were of the highest cliff, on the highest riff
and you slipped off the side and clinched on to your life in my grip
I would never, ever let you down
and when these words are found
let it been known that god's penmanship has been signed with a language called love
that's why my breath is felt by the deaf
and why my words are heard and confined to the ears of the blind
i, too, dream in color and in rhyme
so I guess I'm one of a kind in a full house
cuz whenever I open my heart, my soul, or my mouth
a touch of god reigns out


who else you know been hot this long,
(oh ya, you know we ain't finished)
started from nothing but he got this strong,
(the roc is in the building)
built the roc from a pebble, pedalled rock before I met you,
pedalled bikes, got my nephews pedal bikes because they special,
let you tell that man I'm falling,
well somebody must've caught him,
cause every fourth quarter, I like to mike jordan 'em,
number one albums, what I got like four of dem,
more of dem on the way,
the eight wonder on the way,
clear the way, I'm here to stay,
y'all can save the chitter chat, this and that, this and jay,
dissin' jay 'ill get you mased,
when I start spitting them lyrics, niggas get very religious,
six hail maries, please father forgive us,
young, the archbishop, the pope john paul of y'all niggas,
the way y'all all follow jigga,
hov's a living legend and I tell you why,
everybody wanna be hov and hov still alive.

I'm trying to catch the beat, uh
I'm trying to catch the beat
I'm trying to catch the beat, uh uh, uh
I'm trying to catch the beat

now, throw your motherfucking hands
get 'em high
all the girls pass the weed to your motherfucking man
get 'em high
now I ain't never tell you to put down your hands
keep 'em high
and if your losing your high then* smoke again
keep 'em high

now, my flow
is in the pocket like wallets, I got the bounce like hydraulics
I can't call it, I got the swerve like alcoholics
my freshman year I was going through hella problems
'til I built up the nerve to drop my ass up outta college
my teacher said I'm a loser, I told her why don't you kill me
I give a fuck if you fail me, I'm gonna follow my heart,
and if you follow the charts, or the plaques or the stacks
you ain't gotta guess who's back,
you see I'm so chI that you thought it was bashful
but this bastard's flow will bash a skull
and I will cut your girl like pastor troy
and I don't usually smoke but pass the 'dro
and I won't give you that money that you asking for
why you think me and dame cool? we're assholes!
that's why we hear your music in fast forward
'cause we don't wanna hear that weak shit no more


now who the hell is this?
e-mailing me at 11:26, telling me that she 36-26, plus double d
you know how girls on black planet be when they get bubbly
at nyu but she hail from kansas, right now she just lampin, chilling on campus
sent me a picture with her feeling on candice
who said her favorite rapper was the late great francis
w-h-i-t, it's getting late mami, your screen saver say tweet
so you got to call me, and bring a friend for my friend
his name kweli
(you mean talib, lyrics stick to your rib)
I mean
(that's my favorite cd that I play in my crib)
I mean
(you don't really know him, why is you lying)
you kwe, she don't believe me, please pick up the line
she's gonna think that I'm lying, just spit a couple of lines
then maybe i'll be able to give her dick all the time, and get her high

yeah, I can't believe this nigga use my name for picking up dimes
but never mind, I need some tracks you trying to pull tracks out
and my rhymes is finna blow you trying to blow backs out
well ok, you twisted my arm, i'll assist with the charm, aiyyo
ain't you meet that chick at that conference with your mom?
she's the bomb, but she got the boujee behavior
always got something to say like an ok player hater
anyway, I don't usually fuck with the internet
or chicks on birth control stuck to they arm like nicorette
you really fucking that much, you trying to get off cigarettes
and she think it's fly, she ain't met a real nigga yet
I apologize if I come off a little inconsiderate
I got the bubble kush and a sister could get a hit of it

get 'em high like noon, or the moon or room filled with smoke
a high filled with dope
you all assumed I was doomed, out of tune, but I still feel the notes
the real nigga quotes
real rappers is hard to find like a remote control,
rap is not a used to but still got love,
that's why I abuse you who are not thugs
rock clubs, it's like tiger woods in the hood, to have my own reality show
called soul survivor, I stole all liver, niggas in you
you's a bitch I got ones that are thicker than you
how could I ever let your words affect me, they say hip-hop is dead
I'm here to resurrect me, mosh is too sexy to even make songs like these
that's why the raw don't know your name, like alicia keys
too many featured mcs, and producers is popular
twelve thousand spins, nobody got to copping her
album, how come, you the hot garbage of
the year, it's clear your image is snooped up
label got you souped up, telling you you're sick
man you a dick with a loose nut
video hard to watch like medusa
even your club record need a booster
chimped up, with a pimp cup, illiterate nigga
read the infa, red across your head imma bred king like simba
boulder then denver, I ain't a madd rapper just a mc with a temper
you dancing for money like honey, I did this my way
so when the industry crash, I survive like kanye
spitting through wires and fires, mcs retiring
got your hands up, get them motherfuckers higher then

you just popped in the Kanye West
get right for the summer workout tape
and ladies if you follow these instructions exactly
you might bear to pull you a rapper, a nba player
man, at least a dude wit' a car
so first of all we gon' work on the stomach
nobody wants a little tight ass!

1 and 2 and 3 and 4 and get them sit ups right and
tuck your tummy tight and do your crunches like this
give head, stop breathe, get up, check your weave
don't drop the blunt and disrespect the weed
pick up your son and don't disrespect your seed
it's a party tonight and ooh she's so excited
tell me who's invited: you, your friends and my dick
what's scary to me is henny makes girls look like halle berry to me
so excuse me miss, I forgot your name
thank you, god bless you, good night I came..
I came...
I came..

it's been a week without me
and she feels weak without me
she wanna talk it out but
ain't nothin to talk about less
she talks about freakin out so
maybe we can work it out
work it out
maybe we could work it out

oh girl your silhouette make me wanna light a cigarette
my name kanye from the jigga set twista said get it wet
ooh, girl your breath is harsh
cover your mouth up like you got sars
off them tracks yea I bought them cars
still killa a nigga on 16 bars
we ain't sweatin' to the oldies we jukin to a cold beat
maybe one day girl we can bone
so you can brag to all your homies now
but I still mess with a big girl if you ain't fit girl i'll hit girl
1 and you brought 2 friends ok 3 more now hop in the benz
4 door do you know the difference between a 5, 6, 7, 8
all the mocha lattes you gotta do pilates
you gotta pop this tape in before you start back dating
hustlers, gangstas, all us, ballas


hi, may name is jill, I just want to say thanks to
kanye's workout plan. I was able to pull a nba player
and like now I shop every day on rodeo drive
I just want to say, thank you kanye! woooo! woooo! woooo!

my name is lasandra, and I just want to say
that ever since listenin' to kanye's workout tape
I was able to get my phone bill paid, I got sounds and 13's
put up in my cavalier and I was able to get a free trip to cancun
and what's most importantly is that I ain't gotta fuck ray ray's
broke ass no mo'

(work it mo' juge it mo' pump it mo, chi-town mo' let's go mo')

my name is alamae from mobille, alabama
and I just want to say since listenin' to kanye's workout tape
I been able to date outside the family, I got a double wide
and I rode the plane, rode the plane, rode the plane

thanks to kanye's workout plan
I'm the envy of all my friends
see I pulled me a baller man (yeah)
and I don't gotta work at the mall again


(lemme break ya wit' a piece of)
my favorite work out plan (oh! oh! oh!)
I wanna see you work out (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(it's that old michael jackson shit)

that's right put in work, move your ass, go wizzerk
eat your salad, no dessert
get that man you deserve
it's kanye's workout plan
I said it's kanye's workout plan (ladies and gentlemen)
it's kanye's workout plan (allow myself to introduce myself)
his woooorrrrkkoouut plan (this time around I want y'all to clap like this)

that's right, put in work
move your ass, go wizzerk
eat your salad, no dessert
get that man you deserve (stop!)
it's kanye's workout plan (ok bring)
I said it's kanye's workout plan (I know y'all ain't tired)
it's kanye's workout plan (but I hope not, 'cuz on this one I need ya)
his woooorrrrkkoouut plan (to give me a soul clap ok? double time)

that's right, put in work (woo!)
move your ass, go wizzerk (ow!
eat your salad, no dessert (ugh!)
get that man you deserve

that's right, put in work (put in work)
move your ass, go wizzerk (go wizzerk)
eat your salad, no dessert (no dessert)
get that man you deserve (you hear, ugh)

that's right, put in work (that's right put in work)
move your ass, go wizzerk (go wizzerk)
eat your salad, no dessert (eat your salad, no dessert)
get that man you deserve (woo!)

(okay, okay, okay, that's, that'd be good)
(I appreciate your time)
I want to see you work out for me
woah, yeah

she said she wants some marvin gaye, some luther vandross, a little anita, will definitely set this party off right
(are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be? well well well well well)
she said she want some ready for the world, some new edition, some minnie ripperton, and definitely set this party off right
(are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be? well well well well well)

I told her to drive over in your new whip
bring some friends you cool with
I'm gonna bring the cool whip
then I want you to strip
see you is my new chick
so we get our grind on
she be grabbing, calling me biggie like shine home
man, I swear she fine homes
why she always lying though
telling me them diamonds when she know they rhinestones
she got a light skinned friend look like michael jackson
got a dark skinned friend look like michael jackson
I play 'ready for the world' - she was ready for some action
my dawg said you ain't no freak, so you got to prove my man wrong
I'm a play this vandross
you're gonna take your pants off
I'm gonna play this gladys knight
me and you're gonna get right


got you looking at the gliss at my hands and wrists
while I'm laying back smoking on my cannabis
when it come to rocking the rhythm like marvin and luther
I can tell you ain't no messing with kan-man and twist
from the chI and I be
sipping hennessy
play some r&b
trying to smoke a b
looking properly
feeling on a g?
and always (well well well well well)
come with me and sip on some evelyn champagne
you ain't know twista can work it like the whispers
hit the stop light, get into some isaac
the rims still moving so I'm bumping little spinners
while I'm smoking on a b
dipping through the streets
bumping r&b
and I got to leave
something to the 23's?
and I do it (well well well well well)
with my earth and the wind smoke a fire
let me when get your sheets wet listening to keith sweat
put you in a daze for maze
fullfilling our every temptation slow jamming having deep sex
you ready for the world girl
come on over make me touch you all over your body baby don't say no to me
an every moment you controllin' me I'm loving the way you be holding me when I be listening to jodeci
and when I come over and bend your ass
you be bumping teddy pendergrass
i'd hit it from the back to the melody to roll it slow
now I gotta go up in it fast, but I'm gonna finish last
no matter how much of a thug you see
I still spit it like it's r&b, so to the club with me
and with some luther come on and hope you finna and still be in love with me


baby drop another slow jam
and all us lovers need hold hands
and if you ain't got no man hop up in my brougham
I keep it pimping like an old man
you got to roll with the plan
cause after that then i
take it to the dome
then I got to bone
stay up in the zone
got to get you home
gotta run up on
and I do it (well well well well well)
baby drop another slow jam
and all us lovers need hold hands
and if you ain't got no man hop up on my brohem
I keep it pimping like an old man
you got to roll with the plan
cause after that then i
take you to my home
and we could get it on
disconnect the phone
just to get you goin'
trying to make you moan
and I do it (well well well well well)

yeah, breathe in, breathe out
if ya iced up, pull ya sleeves out
push a big truck, pull ya keys out
girls go wild and pull ya deez out
breathe in, breathe out
let them hoes fight, pull her weave out
if a nigga act up, pull a desert e's out
when I pull the piece out niggas like "peace out!"

golly, more of that bullshit ice rap
I got to 'pologize to mos and kwelI (probably)
but is it cool to rap about gold
if I told the world I copped it from ghana and mali? (mali!)
first nigga with a benz and a backpack
ice chain, cardI lens, and a knapsack
always said if I rapped i'd say somethin' significant
but now I'm rappin' 'bout money, hoes, and rims again
and it's still about the benjamins
big faced hundreds and whatever other synonyms
strippers named cinnamon
more chips than pentium
what'cha gon' buy next? whatever new trend it is
I'm tryin' to spend my stacks
and I'm so broke I look back like "damn, was I on crack?"
I mean twelve platinum chains, was I on that?
what the hell was wrong with me dog?
sing along with my y'all

yeah, breathe in, breathe out
if ya iced up, pull ya sleeves out
push a big truck, pull ya keys out
girls go wild and pull ya deez out
breathe in, breathe out
let them hoes fight, pull her weave out
if a nigga act up, pull a desert e's out
when I pull the piece out niggas like "peace out!"

now even though I went to college and dropped out of school quick
I always had a ph.d.: a pretty huge dick
ladies tired of gettin' ripped off by guys like this
and givin' head is like a whale, using the toothpick'
well, I'm in the club for a limited time
act now and get some action for $free.99
later on I might charge for ménage
heard her man was the boss of the floss
but she still want to toss me the drawers
and it ain't gon' cost me because she my caddy
cuz she grabbed my golf balls in the club
and I'm still actin' calm than a mug
she asked "can you drive me and the hunnies to where my altima was?"
while we drive she tellin' me 'bout problems with her man
baby I fully understand
let me help you with a plan
while he trickin' off, don't get no rich nigga
give me some head, that'll really piss hI'm off

yeah, breathe in, breathe out
if ya iced up, pull ya sleeves out
push a big truck, pull ya keys out
girls go wild and pull ya deez out
breathe in, breathe out
let them hoes fight, pull her weave out
if a nigga act up, pull a desert e's out
when I pull a piece out niggas like "peace out!"

I blow past low class niggas with no cash
in the fo' dash six, bitch you can go ask
so when I go fast popo just laugh
right until I run out of gas or 'til I go crash
whatever comes first I'm prepared for the worst
whatever comes second i'll be there with my weapon
pullin' up in the lexuses/'lexeses, one on both hand
so I guess them gses was ambidextrous
coulda sworn her breasteses was sendin' me messages
"k I need a free hand mammogram
I got weed, drink, and a handicam
all of which is legal in amsterdam"
so say my name like candyman
and I'ma come and fix you up like the handyman
but if you don't need a fix, girl you gotta leave
you can't take that all at one time ya gotta breathe

yeah, breathe in, breathe out
if ya iced up, pull ya sleeves out
push a big truck, pull ya keys out
girls go wild and pull ya deez out
breathe in, breathe out
let them hoes fight, pull her weave out
if a nigga act up, pull a desert e's out
when I pull a piece out niggas like "peace out!"

alpha, step. omega, step
kappa, step. sigma, step
gangstas walk, pimps gon' talk
oooh hecky naw that boy is raw
aka, step. delta, step
s g rho, step. zeta, step
gangstas walk, pimps gon' talk
oooh hecky naw that boy is raw

I'ma get on this tv, momma
I'ma, I'ma break shit down
I'ma make sure these light skinned niggaz
never ever never come back in style
told 'em I finished school, and I started my own business
they say, 'oh you graduated?'
no, I decided I was finished
chasin' y'all dreams and what you've got planned
now I spit it so hot you got tanned
back to school and I hate it there, I hate it there
everything I want I gotta wait a year, I wait a year
this nigga graduated at the top of my class..
I went to cheesecake, he was a motherfucking waiter there


I got a jones like norah for your sorror'
bring more of them girls i've seen in the aurora
tammy, becky, and laura, or'a shirley
I'm tryin' to hit it early, like I'm in a hurry
see, that's how dude became the young pootie tang tippy tow
rocafella chain, yeah that's my rapper style
rosary piece, yeah that's my catholic style
red and white one's, yeah that's my kappa style
and I ain't even pledge
crack my head on the steering wheel and I ain't even dead
if I could go through all that and still be breathing
bitch bend over, I'm here for a reason


I feel a woo coming on, cuz. I feel a woo coming on, cuz
woo
there it was
I feel some woos coming on, cuz. a couple woos coming on, cuz
woo, woo
there they was
I feel a woo coming on, cuz. I feel a woo coming on, cuz
woo
there it was
a couple woos coming on, cuz. a couple woos coming on, cuz
woo, woo
there they was

we in the streets playa, getcha mail
it's only two places you'll end up - either dead or in jail
still nowhere to go...still nowhere to go
now throw ya hands up bustless, bustas, boostas, hoes
everybody, fuck that
still nowhere to go...sill nowhere to go..

two words, united states, no love, no brakes
low brow, high stakes, crack smoke, black folks
big macs, fat folks, ecstasy capsules
presidential scandals, everybody move
two words, mos def, k west, hot shit
calm down, get back, ghetto people, got this
game ball, lock shit, dump off, cock shit
we won't stop shit, everybody move
two words, bk , ny, bedstuy
two hawks, too hungry, too many, that's why
these streets know game, can't ball, don't play
every traffic, one lane, everybody move
two words, mos def, black check, hot shit
calm down, get back, ghetto people, got this
game point lock, long pump cocked
we won't stop, everybody move


boostas, hoes, everybody, fuck that (ohhhhhh)
still nowhere to go...still nowhere to go... (ohhhhhh)

boostas, hoes, everybody, fuck that (ohhhhhh)
still nowhere to go...still nowhere to go... (ohhhhhh)

aiyyo, two words, chI town, south side, world wide
cuz i, rep that, till i, fuckin die
one neck, two chains, one waist, two gats
one wall, twenty plaques, dudes say, "gimme that"
I am limelight, blueprint, 5 mics
go getters rhyme like, shoulda been signed twice
most imitated, grammy nominated
hotel accommodated, cheerleader, prom dated
barbershop, playa hated, mom and pop, bootlegged it
felt like it rained till the roof caved in
two words, chI town, raised me, crazy
so I live by two words, "fuck you, pay me"
screamin, Jesus save me
you know how the game be
I can't let em change me
cuz on judgment day, you gon blame me
look god, it's the same me
I (throw) basically know now (your) we could (up) racially profile (high)
cuffed up and hosed down, pimped up and hoe down (ohhhhhh)
plus I got a whole city to hold down (ohhhhhh)
from the bottom to the top
the only place to go down


two words, freeway, two letters, a-r
turn y'all rap niggaz into two words, fast runners
like jackie jurner, you better sleep with your burner
the heat skeet, blow a reef through ya car
my god, two words, no guns, break arms
break necks, break backs, steven segul
free...young bars, fresh men of the roc
left the beef in the pot jay sent for his dogs
and broads, forget ya squad, let em find for yourself
have you screamin out four words "send for the lord"
two words, freeway's slightly retarded
fuck around, throw a clip in ya artist, leave with his broad..

throw... (red) your... (white)
hands... (blue) up... (black)

throw... (calm) your... (down)
hands... (move) up... (back)

throw... (motherfuckers) your... (askin)
hands... (who is) up... (that)

throw... (you know) your... (it's the)
hands... (almighty) up... (mighty johnny jack)

throw... (mos) your... (def)
hands... (k) up... (west)

throw... (there go) your... (people)
hands... (get this) up... (shit off ya chest)

throw... (north) your... (to the south)
hands... (to the east) up... (to the west)

throw... (we got) your... (that concert)
hands... (it was no) up... (contest)

high! (an show it to em like)

we in the streets playa, getcha mail
it's only two places you'll end up - either dead or in jail
still nowhere to go...still nowhere to go
now throw ya hands up bustless, bustas, boostas, hoes
everybody, fuck that
still nowhere to go...sill nowhere to go..

two words, united states, no love, no brakes
low brow, high stakes, crack smoke, black folks
big macs, fat folks, ecstasy capsules
presidential scandals, everybody move
two words, mos def, k west, hot shit
calm down, get back, ghetto people, got this
game ball, lock shit, dump off, cock shit
we won't stop shit, everybody move
two words, bk , ny, bedstuy
two hawks, too hungry, too many, that's why
these streets know game, can't ball, don't play
every traffic, one lane, everybody move
two words, mos def, black check, hot shit
calm down, get back, ghetto people, got this
game point lock, long pump cocked
we won't stop, everybody move


boostas, hoes, everybody, fuck that (ohhhhhh)
still nowhere to go...still nowhere to go... (ohhhhhh)

boostas, hoes, everybody, fuck that (ohhhhhh)
still nowhere to go...still nowhere to go... (ohhhhhh)

aiyyo, two words, chI town, south side, world wide
cuz i, rep that, till i, fuckin die
one neck, two chains, one waist, two gats
one wall, twenty plaques, dudes say, "gimme that"
I am limelight, blueprint, 5 mics
go getters rhyme like, shoulda been signed twice
most imitated, grammy nominated
hotel accommodated, cheerleader, prom dated
barbershop, playa hated, mom and pop, bootlegged it
felt like it rained till the roof caved in
two words, chI town, raised me, crazy
so I live by two words, "fuck you, pay me"
screamin, Jesus save me
you know how the game be
I can't let em change me
cuz on judgment day, you gon blame me
look god, it's the same me
I (throw) basically know now (your) we could (up) racially profile (high)
cuffed up and hosed down, pimped up and hoe down (ohhhhhh)
plus I got a whole city to hold down (ohhhhhh)
from the bottom to the top
the only place to go down


two words, freeway, two letters, a-r
turn y'all rap niggaz into two words, fast runners
like jackie jurner, you better sleep with your burner
the heat skeet, blow a reef through ya car
my god, two words, no guns, break arms
break necks, break backs, steven segul
free...young bars, fresh men of the roc
left the beef in the pot jay sent for his dogs
and broads, forget ya squad, let em find for yourself
have you screamin out four words "send for the lord"
two words, freeway's slightly retarded
fuck around, throw a clip in ya artist, leave with his broad..

throw... (red) your... (white)
hands... (blue) up... (black)

throw... (calm) your... (down)
hands... (move) up... (back)

throw... (motherfuckers) your... (askin)
hands... (who is) up... (that)

throw... (you know) your... (it's the)
hands... (almighty) up... (mighty johnny jack)

throw... (mos) your... (def)
hands... (k) up... (west)

throw... (there go) your... (people)
hands... (get this) up... (shit off ya chest)

throw... (north) your... (to the south)
hands... (to the east) up... (to the west)

throw... (we got) your... (that concert)
hands... (it was no) up... (contest)

high! (an show it to em like)

yo g they can't stop me from rapping can they?
can they, huh?

through the fire, to the limit, to the wall
for a chance to be with you, i'd gladly risk it all
through the fire, through whatever come what may
for a chance at loving you, i'd take it all away
right down through the wire, even through the fire

I spit it through the wire man
there's too much stuff on my heart right now man
i'll gladly risk it all right now
it's a life or death situation man
y'all don't really understand how I feel right now man
it's your boy kanye to the...
chi-town what's going on

I drink a boost for breakfast, and ensure for dessert
somebody ordered pancakes I just sip the sizzurp
that right there could drive a sane man bizzerk
not to worry mr. h 2 the izzo's back to wizzerk
how do you console my mom or give her light support?
telling her your son's on life support
and just imagine how my girl feel
on the plane scared as hell that her guy look like emmett till
she was with me before the deal she been trying to be mine
she a delta so she been throwing them dynasty signs
no use me tryin' to be lyin'
I been trying to be signed
trying to be a millionaire
how I use two lifelines
in the same hospital where biggie smalls died
the doctor said I had blood clots
but I ain't jamaican man
story on mtv and I ain't trying to make a band
I swear this right here is history in the making man


I really apologize how I sound right now man
if it's unclear at all, man
they got my mouth wired shut for like I don't know the doctor said for like six weeks
you know we had reconstru...
I had reconstructive surgery on my jaw
looked in the mirror half my jaw was in the back of my mouth man
I couldn't believe it
but I'm still here for you all right now yo
this is what I gotta say yo
yeah, turn me up yeah

what if somebody from the chI that was ill got a deal on the hottest rap label around
but he wasn't talking bout coke and birds it was more like spoken word
except he's really putting it down
and he explained the story about how blacks came from glory
and what we need to do in the game
good dude, bad night, right place, wrong time
in the blink of an eye his whole life changed
if you could feel how my face felt you would know how mace felt
thank god I ain't too cool for the safe belt
I swear to god driver two wanna sue
I got lawyer for the case to keep what's in my safe; safe
my dawgs couldn't tell if i
I look like tom cruise on vanilla sky, it was televised
there's been an accident like geico
they thought I was burnt up like pepsI did michael
I must gotta angel
cause look how death missed his ass
unbreakable, would you thought they called me mr. glass
look back on my life like the ghost of christmas past
toys r us where I used to spend that christmas cash
and I still won't grow up, I'm a grown ass kid
swear I should be locked up for stupid shit that I did
but I'm a champion, so I turned tragedy to triumph
make music that's fire, spit my soul through the wire


know what I'm saying
when the doctor told me I had a um.. I was going to have a plate on my chin
I said dawg don't you realize i'll never make it on the plane now
its bad enough I got all this jewelry on
can't be serious man

how's your son? (all, all, all the things, things)
he make the team this year? (all, all, all the things things)
aw th-, they said he wasn't tall enough?
(all, all, all the glitter is not gold)
yeah me we gon' cook this up (now gold is not a reality)
(real is what you live to be)

this is family business
and this is for the family that can't be with us
and this is for my cousin locked down, know the answer's in us
that's why I spit it in my songs so sweet
like a photo of your granny's picture
now that you're gone it hit us
super hard on thankgiving and christmas, this can't be right
yeah you heard the track I did man, this can't be life
somebody please say grace so I can save face
and have a reason to cover my face
I even made you a plate, soul food, know how granny do it
monkey bread on the side, know how the family do it
when I brought it why had guard have to look all to it?
as kids we used to laugh
who knew that life would move this fast?
who knew i'd have to look at you through a glass?
and look, tell me you ain't did it, you ain't did it
and if you did, then that's family business

and I don't care 'bout (all the, all the diamond rings, diamond rings)
they don't mean a thing (all, all, all the things)
all these fancy things
I tell you that all (all the glitter) my weight in gold
now all I know I know all these things

this is family business
and this is for everybody standin' with us
come on, let's take a family grammy picture
abby, remember when they ain't believe in me?
now she like "see, that's my cousin on tv"
now, we gettin' it and we gon' make it
and y'all gon' hate it and I'm his favorite
I can't deny it, I'm a straight rider
but when we get together be electric slidin'
grandma, get 'em shook up
aw naw, don't open the photo book up
I got an aunt ruth that can't remember your name
but I bet them polaroids'll send her down memory lane
you know that one auntie, you don't wanna be rude
but every holiday nobody eatin' her food
and you don't wanna stay there cuz them your worst cousins
got roaches at their crib like them your first cousins
act like you ain't took a bath with your cousins
fit three in the bed while six of y'all
I'm talkin' 'bout three by the head and three by the leg
but you ain't have to tell my girl I used to pee in the bed

rain, rain, rain go away
let the sun come out and all the children say
rain, rain, rain go away
let the sun come out and all the children say

I woke up early this mornin' with a new state of mind
a creative way to rhyme without usin' knives and guns
keep your nose out the sky, keep your heart to god
and keep your face to the risin' sun
all my niggas from the chi, that's my family dog
and my niggas ain't my guys, they my family dog
I feel like one day you'll understand me dog
you can still love your man and be manly dog
you ain't got to get heated at every house warmin'
sittin' here, grillin' people like george foreman
why uncle ray and aunt shiela always performin'?
the second she storms out then he storms in
y'all gon' sit down, have a good time this reunion
and drink some wine like communion
and act like everything fine and if it isn't
we ain't lettin' everybody in our family business

(all the, all the diamond rings, diamond rings)
they don't mean a thing (all, all, all the things)
they don't mean a thing
(all the, all the diamond rings, diamond rings)
they don't mean a thing, a thing

and I don't care 'bout (all the, all the diamond rings, diamond rings)
they don't mean a thing (all, all, all the things)
all these fancy things
I tell you that all (all the glitter) my weight in gold
now all I know I know all these things

yo fuck you, kanye, first and foremost
for making me do this shit. muh'fucker
had to throw everybody out the motherfucking room
'cause they don't fucking..

(i'd like to propose a toast)
(I said toast motherfucker)

and I am (here's to the roc)
and they ask me, they ask me, they ask me, I tell them (here's to rocafella)
raise your glasses, your glasses, your glasses to the sky (here's to the roc)
this is the last call for alcohol, for the... (here's to rocafella)
so get your ass up off the wall

the all around the world digital underground, pac
the rudloph the red nosed reindeer of the roc
I take my chain, my 15 seconds of fame
and come back next year with the whole fucking game
ain't nobody expect kanye to end up on top
they expected that college dropout to drop and then flop
then maybe he stop savin' all the good beats for himself
rocafella's only niggaz that help
my money was thinner than sean paul's goatee hair
now jean paul gaultier cologne fill the air, here
they say he bourgie, he big-headed
won't you please stop talking about how my dick head is
flow infectious, give me 10 seconds
i'll have a buzz bigger than insects in texas
it's funny how wasn't nobody interested
'til the night I almost killed myself in lexus


now was kanye the most overlooked? yes sir
now is kanye the most overbooked? yes sir
though the fans want the feeling of a tribe called quest
but all they got left is this guy called west
better take freeway, throw him on tracks with mos def
call him kwa-lI or kwe-li, I put him on songs with jay-z
I'm the gap like banana republic and old navy, and oooh
it come out sweeter than old sadie
nice as bun-b when I met him at the source awards
girl he had with him - ass coulda won the horse awards
and I was almost famous, now everybody loves kanye
I'm almost raymond'
some say he arrogant. can y'all blame him?
it was straight embarrassing how y'all played him
last year shoppin my demo, I was tryin' to shine
every motherfucker told me that I couldn't rhyme
now I could let these dream killers kill my self-esteem
or use my arrogance as the steam to power my dreams
I use it as my gas, so they say that I'm gassed
but without it i'd be last, so I ought to laugh
so I don't listen to the suits behind the desk no more
you niggaz wear suits 'cause you can't dress no more
you can't say shit to Kanye West no more

I rocked 20,000 people, I was just on tour, nigga
I'm kan, the louis vuitton don
bought my mom a purse, now she louis vuitton mom
I ain't play the hand I was dealt, I changed my cards
I prayed to the skies and I changed my stars
I went to the malls and I balled too hard
'oh my god, is that a black card?'
I turned around and replied, why yes but I prefer the term
african American express
brains, power, and muscle, like dame, puffy, and russell
your boy back on his hustle, you know what i've been up to
killin y'all niggaz on that lyrical shit
mayonnaise colored benz, I push miracle whips

and I heard 'em say, nothin ever promised tomorrow today.
from the chi, like tim its the hard-a-way,
so this is in the name of love, like robert says
before you ask me to get a job today, can I at least get a raise on a minimum wage?
and I know the government administered aids,
so I guess we just pray like the minister say,
allah o akbar and throw em some hot cars,
things we see on the screen are not ours,
but these niggas from the hood so these dreams not far,
where im from, the dope boys is the rock stars,
but they can't cop cars without seein' cop cars,
I guess they want us all behind bars.
I know it.

uh, and I heard 'em say, nothin ever promised tomorrow today.
(ooooooooo)
and I heard 'em say, nothin ever promised tomorrow today.
(nothing's ever promised tomorrow today.)
but we'll find a way
(and nothing lasts forever but be honest babe, it hurts but it may be the only way)

they say people in your life are seasons,
and anything that happen is for a reason,
and niggas guns a clappin and keep to squeezin',
and gran (grandma) keep prayin' and keep believin',
and Jesus and one day that ya see him,
till they walk in his footsteps and try to be him,
the devil is alive I feel him breathin',
claimin' money is the key so keep on dreamin',
and put them lottery tickets just to tease us,
my aunt pam can't put those cigarettes down,
now my lil cousin smokin those cigarettes now,
his job trying to claim that he too niggerish now,
is it cuz his skin blacker than licorice now?
I can't figure it out...
im stickin around....

uh, and I heard 'em say, nothin ever promised tomorrow today.
(ooooooooo)
and I heard 'em say, nothin ever promised tomorrow today.
(nothing's ever promised tomorrow today.)
but we'll find a way
(and nothing lasts forever but be honest babe, it hurts but it may be the only way)

(cuz every worthless word we get more far away, and nothing's ever promised tomorrow today,
and nothing lasts forever but be honest babe, it hurts but it may be the only way)

I gotta testify, come up in the spot looking extra fly
for the day I die, I'mma touch the sky
gotta testify, come up in the spot looking extra fly
for the day I die, I'mma touch the sky

back when they thought pink polo's would hurt the roc,
before cam got the shit to pop, the doors was closed.
I felt like bad boy's street team, I couldn't work the lox (locks).
now let's go.
take 'em back to the plan...
me and my momma hopped in the u-haul van.
any pessimists I ain't talked to them,
plus, I ain't have no phone in my apartment.
let's take 'em back to the club.
least about an hour I would stand on line,
I just wanted to dance.
I went to jacob an hour after I got my advance.
I just wanted to shine.
jay's favorite line: "dog, in due time"
now he look at me, like "damn, dog, you where I am"
a hip hop legend.
I think I died in an accident, cause this must be heaven.


now let's take 'em high-igh-igh-igh-igh-igh la la la la la la la
(top of the world, baby. t-top of the world)
now let's take 'em high-igh-igh-igh-igh-igh la la la la la la la
(top of the world, baby. t-top of the world)

back when guccI was the shit to rock,
back when slick rick got the shit to pop,
i'd do anything to say "I got it".
damn, them new loafers hurt my pocket.
before anybody wanted k-west beats,
me and my girl split the buffet at kfc.
dog, I was having nervous breakdowns,
like "damn, these niggas that much better than me?"
baby, I'm going on an airplane,
and I don't know if i'll be back again.
sure enough, I sent the plane tickets,
but when she came to kick it, things became different.
any girl I cheated on, sheets I skeeted on.
I couldn't keep it home, I thought I needed a nia long.
I'm trying to write my wrongs,
but it's funny these same wrongs helped me write this song.
now,

I gotta testify, come up in the spot looking extra fly
for the day you die, you gonna touch the sky
(you gonna touch the sky babygirl!) testify, come up in the spot
looking extra fly
for the day you die, you gonna touch the sky

yes, yes, yes guess who's on third?
lupe steal like lupin the third.
hear like ear till I'm beer on the curb
peach fuzz buzz but beard on the verge
slow it down like we're on the syrup
bottle-shaped body like mrs. butterworth's.
but, before you say another word,
I'm back on the block like I'm laying on the street.
I'm trying to stop lion like a mum-ra,
but I'm not lying when I'm laying on the beat.
engarge, touché lupe cool as the unthawed
but I still feel as possessed as a gun charge.
I come as correct as a porn star,
in a fresh pair of steps and my best foreign car.
so, I represent the first.
now, let me end my verse right where the horns are like


(we back at home, baby)
sky high
I'm, I'm sky high
I'm, I'm sky high
I'm, I'm sky high
I'm, I'm sky high
I'm, I'm sky high
sky, sky high
I'm, I'm sky high

she take my money when I'm in need
yeah she's a trifling friend indeed
oh she's a gold digger way over town
that digs on me

(she gives me money)
now I ain't sayin' she a gold digger (when I'm in need)
but she ain't messin' with no broke niggas
(she gives me money)
now I ain't sayin' she a gold digger (when I'm in need)
but she ain't messin' with no broke niggas
get down girl go head get down (I gotta leave)
get down girl go head get down (I gotta leave)
get down girl go head get down (I gotta leave)
get down girl gone head

cutie the bomb
met her at a beauty salon
with a baby louis vuitton
under her underarm
she said I can tell you rock
I can tell by your charm
far as girls you got a flock
I can tell by your charm and your arm
but I'm looking for the one
have you seen her?
my psychic told me she have an ass like serena
trina, jennifer lopez, four kids
and I gotta take all they bad ass to show-biz
ok get your kids but then they got their friends
I pulled up in the benz, they all got up in
we all went to den and then I had to pay
if you fucking with this girl then you better be paid
you know why
it take too much to touch her
from what I heard she got a baby by busta
my best friend says she use to fuck with usher
I don't care what none of yall say I still love her


18 years, 18 years
she got one of your kids, got you for 18 years
I know somebody paying child support for one of his kids
his baby mamma's car and crib is bigger than his
you will see him on tv any given sunday
win the superbowl and drive off in a hyundai
she was supposed to buy your shorty tyco with your money
she went to the doctor got lypo with your money
she walking around looking like michael with your money
should've got that insured got geico for your money, money, money
if you ain't no punk holla we want prenup
we want prenup! yeah
it's something that you need to have
'cause when she leave yo ass she gonna leave with half
18 years, 18 years
and on her 18th birthday he found out it wasn't his


now I ain't saying you're a gold digger you got needs
you don't want your dude to smoke but he can't buy weed
you got out to eat and he can't pay you all can't leave
there's dishes in the back, he gotta roll up his sleeves
but why you all washing watch him
he gone make it into a benz out of that datsun
he got that ambition, baby, look in his eyes
this week he mopping floors next week it's the fries
so, stick by his side
I know this dude's balling but yeah that's nice
and they gone keep calling and trying
but you stay right girl
but when you get on he leave your ass for a white girl

get down girl go head get down
get down girl go head get down
get down girl go head get down
get down girl go head
(lemme hear that back)

drive slow homey
drive slow homey
ya never know homey might meet some hoes homey
ya need to pump your brakes and drive slow homey

my homey malI used to stay one 79th and may
one of my best friends from back in the day
down the street form calumet a school full of stones
he nicknamed me k-rock so they'd leave me alone
bulls jacket with his hat broke way off
walk around the mall with his radio face off
plus he had the spinner from his dayton's in his hand
keys in his hand reason again to let you know he's the man
back when we rocked alesis he had dreams of caprice's
drove by the teachers even more by police's
how he get that cash today his father passed away
left him with a little something 16 he was stunting
al b sure nigga with the hair all wavy
hit lakeshore girls go all crazy
hit the freeway go at least bout 80
boned so much that summer even had him a baby
see back back then then if you had a car
you were the chI town version of baby
and I was just a virgin a baby
one of the reasons I looked up to him crazy
I used to love to play my demo tape when the system yanked
felt like I was almost signed when the shit got cranked
we'll take a saturday and just circle the mall
they had the lincoln's and aurora's we were hurting them all
with the girls a lot of flirting involved
but dawg fuck all that flirting I'm trying to get in some draws
so put me on with these hoes homey's
he told me don't rush to get grown drive slow homey
drive slow homie
drive slow...
ya never know homey about these hoes homey
ya need to pump your breaks and drive slow homey

what it do
I'm posted up in the parking lot my trunk wavin'
the candy gloss is immaculate and is simply amazing
them elbows poking wide on that candy-lac
trunk open, screen's on, neon's lit with fifth relax
I'm on a mission for dime piece's and sexy ladies
allow me to introduce you to my cl mercedes
it's a star-studded event when I valet park
open up my mouth and sunlight illuminates the dark
you see them 4's crawling, you see them screens falling
the disco ball in my mouth insinuates I'm balling
I'm leaning on a switch sitting crooked in my slab
but I could still catch boopas if I drove a cab
a young houston hard hitter all about the scrilla
riding some candy coated crawling like a caterpillar
I'm tipping on those 4's I'm jamming off this screw
I'm looking for them hoes baby what it do?

drive slow homey
turn your hazard lights on when you see them hoes
drive slow homey
if you riding around the city with nowhere to go
drive slow homey
live today cause tomorrow man you never know
ya never know homey might meet some hoes homey
ya need to pump your brakes and drive slow homey

my cars like the movies my cars like the crib
I got more tv's in here then where I live

and it don't make no sense but baby I'm the shit
and everything I flip you know is something serious
I got the custom grill I got the brabus rims
I got the baller genetics baby that's evident
you see a player flicking and you ain't convinced
that you should go and kiss it just a little bit
I wear my custom kicks I got my Jesus chain
my canaries is gleaming though my angle wings
they see me hoes acting like they seen a king
with that mean lean smoking on the finest calI green
my wood grain oak I'm riding on vogues
my cylinder quiet like tip toes
I sold o's and this I know
when you see them hoes little homey drive slow

chopped and screwed
yeah..
drive slow homey
drive slow homey
ya never know homey might meet some hoes homey
ya need to pump your brakes and drive slow homey
drive slow homey


I'm on my way home

they say home is where the hate is
my dome is where fate is
I stroll where souls get lost like vegas
seen through the eyes of rebel glasses
pray to god that my arms reach the masses
the young smoke grass in grassless jungles
rubberband together in cashless bundles
we wear struggling chains
divided only hustle remains
making sense of it we hustle for change
revolution ain't a game
it's another name
for life fighting
someone to stay in they corner like mike tyson
hypes fighting for hits to heighten they hell
don't he know he only get as high as he fell
show money becomes bail
relationships become jail
children are unheld
I wish love was for sale
behold the pale
horse got me trapped like r. kel', I bail and it-

might not be such a bad idea if I never, never went home again
I'm on my way home
I left three days ago
but no one seems to know I'm gone
home is where the hatred is
home is filled with pain and it
might not be such a bad idea if I never
never went home again.

I know it's past visiting hours
but can I please give her these flowers
the doctor dont wanna take procedures
he claim my heart can't take the anastesia
it'll send her body into a seizure
the little thing by the hospital bed, it'll stop beeping,
hey chick, im at a lost for words
what do you say at this time?
remember when I was nine?
tell her everything gone be fine?
but i'd be lying, the family crying
they want her to live, and she trying
I'm argueing like what kind of doctor can we fly in
you know the best medicine go to people thats paid,
if magic johnson got a cure for a.i.d.s.
and all the broke muthafuckers past away
you tellin me if my grandma was in the n.b.a.
right now she'd be ok?
but since she was just a secretary
working for the church
for thirty five years
things sposed to stop right here
my grandfather tryin to pull it together, he's strong,
thats where I get my confidence from
I asked the nurse "did you do the research?"
she ask me, "can you sign some t-shirts?"
bitch is you smokin reefer?
you dont see that we hurt
but still...


...I smile
when roses come to see me
and I can't wait for a sunny day
(im seeing it through your eyes)
can't wait for the clouds to break


they outside of the emergency room, room
you can feel my heart beat, beat, beat
if she gone pull through
we gone find out soon
but right now she sleep, sleep, sleep
my mama say, they say she could pass away any day
hey chick what these doctors know anyway
let me see the x-rays
I ain't no expert, I'm just hurt
cousin kim took off for work
plus my aunt shirley, aunt beverly, aunt claire and aunt jean
so many aunties, we could have an auntie team
feel like amerie "its this one thing"
when they said that she made it
you see the eyes gleam
I think we at an all time high
to get there we run, we fly, we drive
coz with my family we know where home is
so instead of sending flowers
we the roses...


I smile
when roses come to see me
and I can't wait for a sunny day
(im seeing it through your eyes)
can't wait for the clouds to break

who brings the sunshine?

ohhhhh I smile
when roses come to see me
and I can't wait for a sunny day
(im seeing it through your eyes)
can't wait for the clouds to break

that's that crack music nigga
that real black music nigga

la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la
la-la-la-la-la-la

that's that crack music nigga
that real black music nigga

la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la
la-la-la-la-la-la

how we stop the black panthers?
ronald reagan cooked up an answer
you hear that?
what jill scott was hearin
when our heroes and heroines got hooked on heroin.
crack raised the murder rate in dc and maryland
we invested in that it's like we got merril-lynched
and we been hangin from the same tree ever since
sometimes I feel the music is the only medicine
so we cook it, cut it, measure it, bag it,sell it
the fiends cop it
nowadays they cant tell if that's that good shit
we ain't sure man
put the cd on your toungue yeah, thats pure man.


from the place where the fathers gone,
the mothers is hardly home
and the...
gonna lock us up in "audy home"
how the mexicans say we just tryin to party homes
they wanna pack us all in a box like styrofoam
who gave saddam anthrax?
george bush got the answers
back in the hood it's a different type of chemical,
am and hammer baking soda
raised they own quota
writin when our soldiers ran for the stove cuz--
cuz dreams of being 'hova went from bein a brokeman ta bein a dopeman
ta bein a president look theres hope man
this that inspiration for tha mos and tha folks man,
shorty come and see if mama straight overdosin.
and this is the soundtrack,
this tha type of music you make when you round that--
crack music nigga,
that real black music nigga.

that's that crack music nigga
that real black music nigga

la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la
la-la-la-la-la-la

god-how could you let this happen, happen, happen, happen, happen, happen?


that's that crack music, crack music
that real black music, black music

la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la
la-la-la-la-la-la

that's that crack music nigga
that real black music nigga

la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la
la-la-la-la-la-la

that's that crack music, crack music,that real black music, black music

our father, give us this day our daily bread ...give us these days and take our daily bread,
see I done did all this ole bullshit
and to attone I throw a little somethin, somethin on the pulpit.
we took that shit, measured it and then cooked that shit
and what we gave back was crack music
and now we ooze it through they nooks and crannies
so our mammas aint got to be they cooks and nannies
and we gonna repo everything they ever took from granny
now the former slaves trade hooks for grammys
this dark diction has become America's addiction those who ain't even black use it.

I always knew that one day
they'd try to bring me down
wow, one day, they tried to bring me down
always knew that one day, they'd try to bring me down
down, way down

we're going to mass today, we have to pray
besides what the pastor say, I have to say
since pac passed away
most you rappers don't even deserve a track from me
you see, if you ever wanted to ever be anything
there'd always be somebody that shoot down any dream
there'll always be haters, that's the way it is
hater niggas marry hater bitches and have hater kids
but they're gonna have to take my life 'fore they take my drive
'cause when I was barely living, that's what kept me alive
just the thought that maybe it could be better than what we at at this time
make it out of this grind, 'fore I'm out of my mind
and get some lee way on the he say she say
you girl don't like me, how long has she been gay
spanish girls say "no hable inglés"
and everybody want to run to me for their single
it's funny how these wack niggas need my help
wasn't around when I couldn't feed myself
dog, if I was you, I wouldn't feel myself
dog, if I was you, i'd kill myself
made a mill myself, and I'm still myself
and I'ma look in the mirror if I need some help
now i'll speak from the heart, you all fronting
everybody feel a way about k but at least you all feel something

why you come here, I bet it only it was forget to get you
what kind of dream we found, see I'm often at your cross way
forgetting it was that heaven let you. they tried to bring me down

why everything that's supposed to bad make me feel so good?
everything they told me not to is exactly what I would
man I tried to stop man I tried the best I could
but (you make me smile)

what's your addiction? is it money? is it girls? is it weed?
i've been afflicted by not one, not two, but all three
she's got the same thing, about me, but more, about us
she's coming over, so I guess, that means, I'm on drugs
just let me peek now, I mean damn, I'm so curious
she's got a lover, so the lies, and the lust, is a rush
time's of the essence, I need, you to be, spontaneous
roll up the doge, henny and c-c-c-cola, then I'm co coming over
cuz its ne-never over


why everything that's supposed to bad make me feel so good
everything they told me not to is exactly what I would
man I tried to stop man I tried the best I could
but (you make me smile)

I see the emotion in your eyes, that you, try not to show
we get the closest when you high, or you drunk, or you blow
so I pour the potion, so we could both get high, as we could go
then i'll get the lotion, and do something to me, when your thighs is exposed
there's no turning back now, I mean I don't mean to impose
not now but right now, I need you to undress, and then pose
I'm into that now, catch a vibe, when the doors, get closed
roll up the doge, henny and c-c-c-cola, and I keep co coming over
cuz its ne-never over


why everything that's supposed to bad make me feel so good
everything they told me not to is exactly what I would
man I tried to stop man I tried the best I could
but... (you make me smile)

(you make me smile with my heart)



why everything that's supposed to bad make me feel so good
everything they told me not to is exactly what I would
man I tried to stop man I tried the best I could
but... (you make me smile, with my heart)

I just wanted to ask you
just wanted to um
let how would I put this uhh
let's say all your friends
remember the one
you said if you ever she would be the one
ok, ok, ok (you make me smile with my heart)
I was thinking, hypothetically
I mean don't take this seriously
don't take me: I mean just
uhh not credibly
I'm feeling incredibly
I mean let it be
just let it be
I mean you, her and me (you make me smile with my heart)
I mean you, her and me
maybe, baby, baby
you know I was just kidding
unless you gon' do it

(you make me smile...)

you motherfuckers better do your job and roll up and watch how we roll up and
I can't control it, can't hold it, it's so nuts
I take a sip of that yak, I wanna fuck
I take a hit of that chronic, it got me stuck
but really what's amazing is how I keep blazing
towel under the door smoke until the days end
puff, puff then pass, don't fuck up rotation
hpnotic for henny, now nigga that's your chaser
turn nothin to something now pimpin' that's a savior
best things are green now pimp and get your paper
high off the ground instead of skyscraper
cool off thinkin' we local, come on homie, we major


feeling better than some head on a sunday afternoon
better than a chick that say yes to soon
until you have a daughter, that's what I call karma
and you pray to god she don't grow breasts too soon.
projects to' up, gang signs is thrown up
niggas hats broke off that's how we grow up
why else you think shorty's write rhymes just to blow up?
get they first car and then irs show up
he ain't never had shit but he had that nine
nigga come through flickin' and he had that shine
put two and two together in a little bad weather
gon' be a whole family on that funeral line
ask the reverand was the strip club cool if my tips help send a pretty girl through school
that's all I want like wino's want they good whisky
I ain't in the klan, but I brought my hood with me


I heard the beat and I ain't know what to write
first line, should it be about the hos or the ice?
four-four's or black christ? both flows would be nice
rap about big paper or the black man's plight
at the studio consol asked my man to the right
what this verse sound like, should I freestyle or write?
he said, nas, what the fans want is illmatic, stillmatic
picked up the pad and pencil and jotted what I feel
been like 12 years since a nigga first signed
now I'm a free agent
and I'm thinking it's time
to build my very own motown
cuz rappers be deprived of executive 9 to 5s
and it hurts to see these companies be stealing the life
and I love to give my blood sweat and tears to the mic
so y'all copped the lps and y'all fiends got dealt
I'm jesse jackson on the balcony where king got killed
I survived the livest niggas around
lasting longer than more than half of you clowns
look, I used to cook before I had the game took
either way my change came like sam cooke.

feeling better than I ever felt before today
like better late than never is orientation
still we can make it better throwing all your cares away

(hey mama), I wanna scream so loud for you, cuz I'm so proud of you
let me tell you what I'm about to do, (hey mama)
I know I act a fool but, I promise you I'm goin back to school
I appreciate what you allowed for me
I just want you to be proud of me (hey mama)

I wanna tell the whole world about a friend of mine
this little light of mine and I'm finna let it shine
I'm finna take yall back to them better times
I'm finna talk about my mama if yall don't mind
I was three years old, when you and I moved to the chi
late december, harsh winter gave me a cold
you fixed me up something that was good for my soul
famous homemade chicken soup, can I have another bowl?
you work late nights just to keep on the lights
mommy got me training wheels so I could keep on my bike
and you would give anything in this world
michael jackson leather and a glove, but didn't give me a curl
and you never put no man over me
and I love you for that mommy cant you see?
seven years old, caught you with tears in your eyes
cuz a nigga cheatin, telling you lies, then I started to cry
as we knelt on the kitchen floor
I said mommy imma love you till you don't hurt no more
and when I'm older, you aint gotta work no more
and imma get you that mansion that we couldn't afford
see you're, unbreakable, unmistakable
highly capable, lady that's makin loot
a livin legend too, just look at what heaven do
send us an angel, and I thank you (hey mama)


forrest gump mama said, life is like a box of chocolates
my mama told me go to school, get your doctorate
somethin to fall back on, you could profit with
but still supported me when I did the opposite
now I feel like it's things I gotta get
things I gotta do, just to prove to you
you was getting through, can the choir please
give me a verse of "you, are so beautiful to me"
can't you see, you're like a book of poetry
maya angelou, nicky giovanni, turn one page and there's my mommy
come on mommy just dance wit me, let the whole world see your dancing feet
now when I say hey, yall say mama, now everybody answer me (hey mama)


I guess it also depends tho, if my ends low
second they get up you gon get that benzo
tint the windows, ride around the city and let ya friends know (hey mama)

tell your job you gotta fake em out
since you brought me in this world, let me take you out
to a restaurant, upper echelon
imma get you a jag, whatever else you want
just tell me what kind of s-type donda west like?
tell me the perfect color so I make it just right
it don't gotta be mother's day, or your birthday
for me to just call and say (hey mama)

yeah, you know what this is
it's a celebration, bitches!
grab a drink, grab a glass
after that I grab yo ass

why you actin' all
shy and all
why is y'all
lyin' for?
"I never did this before..."
stop that
what, you want some petron?
I got that.
I mean I promise y'all
you fine and all
and your girlfriend, she kinda raw
but she not like you
no, she not like you
right now I need you to mute all the monologue
all that talkin is gon' give me a tylenol
you put a nigga to sleep, I'm tired of ya'll
right now the louis vuitton don is signing off
but, I just thought you should know
we hit the liquor store
got some cris and some mo
and we about to let it floooooow
had some problems before but see we let em go
got an ounce of that dro
and we about to let it bloooooow

yeah, you know what this is
it's a celebration, bitches!
grab a drink, grab a glass
after that, I grab yo ass

see you know my style
I'm very wild
and I vow that my child will be well endowed
like his daddy
and tell him that your mama had a fattie
he looked up at me said, "daddy that's the reason why you had me?"
yep, we was praticing
til one day your ass bust through the packaging
you know what though? you my favorite accident
so go head pop some cristal
for my newborn child cuz now y'all

know what this is
it's a celebration, bitches!
grab a drink, grab a glass
after that I grab yo ass
but, I just thought you should know
we hit the liquor store
got some cris and some mo
and we about to let it floooooow
had some problems before but see we let em go
got an ounce of that dro
and we about to let it bloooooow

ho! ho! (we lookin' for some) ho! ho!

wished I had told
ooh was (the) only one
but it's too late, it's too late
he's gone

you sweat her, and I ain't talkin 'bout a coogi
you a big l, and I ain't talkin 'bout cool j
see me at the airport, at least 20 louis
treat me like the prince and this my sweet brother numpsay
brother numpsay! groupies sound too choosy
take 'em to the show and talk all through the movies
says she want diamonds, I took her to ruby tuesdays
if we up in friday's, I still have it my way

too late, we, gone - we strivin home
gone - we ride on chrome
it's too late

y'all don't want no prob from me
what you rappers could get is a job from me
maybe you could be my intern, and in turn
i'll show you how I cook up summer, in the win-turr
aaron love the raw dog, when will he learn
caught somethin on the usher tour he had to "let it burn"
plus he already got three chil'run
arguin over babysitters like, "bitch - it's yo' turn!"
damn 'ye, it'd be stupid to ditch you
even your superficial raps is super official
r-r-r-roc pastelle with guccI on
with tv's in the ride, throw a movie on
said he couldn't rap now he at the top with doobie long
cause the dookie's on any song that they threw me on, gone

we strivin home, gone
we strivin home, gone

knock knock, who's there? killa cam, killa who?
killa cam, hustler, grinder, gorilla true
oh my chinchilla blue, blue you ever dealt with a dealer
well here's the deal ma we goin to the dealer booth
no concealin, no ceiling I don't need a roof
act up, get out, I don't need you poof
poof, be gone, damn tough luck dag
dag, niggaz still doin puff puff pass
pull the truck up fast and I tell 'em
hey, back in a touched up jag, shit
y'all niggaz want killa cam, cerebellum
an old man just gon' tell 'em (too late, he, gone)
then I see how y'all gonna react when I'm (gone)
my last girl want me back then I'm on
fine stay, you got the grind hey
came back, read what the sign say (too late, he, gone)
yes I know you wanna see my demise
yeah you church boy actin like a thief in disguise
ain't leavin my side, see the greed in my eyes
ask abby y'all hustle for a week to the chi, shit
and that ain't leavin alive, please believe me
gave weezy a piece of the pie, and
you can ask george or regina
the whole westside I explore with the beemer now

we strivin home, I ride on chrome
listen homeboy move on
that's your best bet, why's that?
cause

uhh, uhh, yo, yo
I been pourin out some liquor for the fact that my pal's gone
and tryin to help his momma with the fact that her child gone
and since we used to bubble like a tub full of calgon
guess it's only right that I should help her from now on
but since they got a foul on, what coulda gone wrong
now they askin cons, how long has this gone on
and maybe all this money mighta gone to my head
cause they got me thinkin money mighta gone to the feds
so I ain't goin to the dread, but he'll go on up to bed
and when I came the next mornin he was gone with my bread
and with that bein said, I had gone on my instincts
and gone to the spots where they go to get mixed drinks
but lookin back now shoulda gone to the crib
and rented "gone with the wind," cause i'da gone about 10
but I had gone with my friend, and we had gone to the bar
and heard a nigga talkin shit so I had gone to the car
and now the judge is tellin me that I had gone too far
and now we gone for 20 years, doin time behind bars
and since I gone to a cell for some petty crimes
I guess I gone to the well one too many times, cause I'm gone


uh-uh-uh
uh-uh-uh uh uh onnn, uh uh-uh onnn
uh-uh onnn, uh uh-uh I'mmmm
ah-head of my time, sometimes years out
so the powers that be won't let me get my ideas out
and that make me wanna get my advance out
and move to oklahoma and just live at my aunt's house
yeah, I romance the thought of leavin it all behind
kanye step away from the lime-
-light, like, when I was on the grind
in the "one, nine, nine, nine"
before, model chicks was bendin over or
dealerships asked me benz or rover, man
if I could just get one beat on hova
we could get up off this cheap-ass sofa
what the summer of the chI got to offer an 18-year-old
sell drugs or get a job, you gotta play gyro
my dawg worked at taco bell, hooked us up plural
fired a week later the manager count the churros
sometimes I can't believe it when I look up in the mirrow
how we out in europe, spendin euros
they claim you never know what you got 'til it's gone
I know I got it, I don't know what y'all on
I'ma open up a store for aspiring mc's
won't sell 'em no dream, but the inspiration is free
but if they ever flip sides like anakin
you'll sell everything includin the mannequin
they got a new bitch now you jennifer aniston
hold on i'll handle it, don't start panickin, stay calm
shorty's at the door cause they need more
inspiration for they life, they souls, and they songs
they said sorry mr. west is gone!

i'll be late for that, baby i'll wait for that
if you had a taste of that, you'd probably pay for that
I'm comin in when I feel like
to turn this muh'fucker up only if it feels right
i'll be late for that, I can't wait for that
I think I was made for that
so I'm comin in when I feel like
to turn this muh'fucker up only if it feels right

stop all your blood claat cryin, I was flyin
made it to school with barely 'nuff time to sign in
yeah I hear the alarm, yeah I hear you mom
yeah yeah I don't wan' be broke when I'm 31
they said the best classes go to the fastest
sorry mr. west there's no good classes, and that's what yo' ass get
not even electives? not even prerequits?
you mean I missed my major by a couple of seconds?
now I'm in the shop class or the basket weavin
with all the rest of the muh'fuckers underachievin
man, this is a insult
I went to junior high with all of them and they been slow
if I can catch the beat then slow down the tempo
just notice at the end if I'm too late for the intro
will I make it from the student loans to a benz-o?
like old folks pissin, I guess it all (depends), oh, oh
... stop you're cryin baby


you know when you be late you miss all the lights
that's right (that's right) that's right (that's right)
and when you get back she gon' start up a fight
that night (that night) that night
baby it's too late for that, lately i've been takin it slow
try and make it to the party 'fore the guest list close
with the freshest hoes, the professors know
we about to get real unprofessional
like them eskimos, what would you do for a klondike?
or two dykes that look christina milian like
hmmm, i'll be on time for that
I ain't thought of no line that could rhyme with that
yo, i'll be there in five minutes, five hours later
i'll be there in five minutes, go 'head ride with it
I'm so live with it, look how I did it
been bullshittin but I finally arrived with it
I know it's late and I took all year but
you can stop complainin cause I'm finally here, yeah

wake up, mr. west, mr. west, mr. fresh
mr. by-his-self-he-so-impressed
I mean, damn, did you even see the test
you got d's mother fucker, d's, rosie perez
and yes, barely pass any and every class
looking at every ass
cheated on every test
I guess this is my dissertation
homie, this shit is basic
welcome to graduation

good morning
good morning
good morning
good morning

good morning
on this day we become legendary
everything we dreamed of
I'm like a fly malcolm x
buy any jeans necessary
detroit red cleaned up
from the streets of the league
from an eighth to a key
but you graduate when you make it up outta the streets
from the moments of pain
look how far we done came
haters saying ya changed
now ya doing ya thing

good morning
good morning
good morning
good morning

good morning
look at the valedictorian scared of the future
while I hop in the delorean
scared-to-face-the-world complacent career student
some people graduate, but we still stupid
they tell you read this, eat this, don't look around
just peep this, preach us, teach us, Jesus
okay, look up now, they done stole your streetness
after all of that, you receive this

did you realize
that you were a champion?
in their eyes)
yes I did, so I packed it up and brought it back to the crib
just a little somethin' show you how we live
everybody want it but it ain't that serious
that's that shit
so if you're gonna do it, do it just like this
(did you realize
that you were a champion?
in their eyes)

you don't see just how wild the crowd is?
you don't see just how fly my style is?
I don't see why I need a stylist
when I shop so much I can speak italian
I don't know I just wanted better for my kids
and I ain't sayin' we was from the projects
but everytime I want it, layaway or a deposit
my dad'll say "when you see clothes close your eyelids"
we was sort of like will smith and his son
in the movie I ain't talkin' 'bout the rich ones
'cause every summer he'll get some
brand new hare-brained scheme to get rich from
and I don't know what he did for dough
but he'd sent me back to school with a new wardrobe and hey!


when it feel like living's harder than dyin'
for me givin' up's way harder than tryin'
lauryn hill say her heart was in zion
I wish her heart still was in rhymin'
'cause who the kids gonna listen to? huh?
I guess me if it isn't you
last week I paid a visit to the institute
they got the drop out keepin' kids in the school
I guess i'll clean up my act like prince'll do
if not for the pleasure, least for the principle
they got the cd then got to see me drop gems
like I dropped out of p.e.
they used to feel invisible
now they know they invincible

(did you realize
that you were a champion?
in their eyes)
this is the story of a champion
rounders in the mob and they pop the guns
stand up stand up! here he comes
tell me what it takes to be number one?
tell me what it takes to be number one?
this is the story of a champion
rounders in the mob and they pop the guns
stand up stand up! here he comes
tell me what it takes to be number one?
tell me what it takes to be number one?

work it, make it, do it,
makes us harder, better, faster, stronger!

work it harder, make it better,
do it faster, makes us stronger,
more than ever, hour after,
our work is never over.

na-na-na that that don't kill me
can only make me stronger
I need you to hurry up now
'cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
'cause I can't get much wronger
man i've been waitin' all night now
that's how long i've been on you

I need you right now
I need you right now

let's get lost tonight
you could be my black kate moss tonight
play secretary, I'm the boss tonight
and you don't give a fuck what they all say right?
awesome, the christian and christian dior
damn, they don't make 'em like this anymore
I ask 'cause I'm not sure
do anybody make real shit anymore?
bow in the presence of greatness
'cause right now thou hast forsaken us
you should be honored by my lateness
that I would even show up to this fake shit
so go ahead go nuts go ape shit
especially in my pastel on my bape shit
act like you can't tell who made this
new gospel homie, take six, and take this, haters


I need you right now
I need you right now

me likey

I don't know if you got a man or not,
if you made plans or not
if god put me in your plans or not
I'm trippin' this drink got me sayin' a lot
but I know that god put you in front of me

so how the hell could you front on me?
there's a thousand you's, there's only one of me
I'm trippin', I'm caught up in the moment right?
cause it's louis vuitton don night
so we gon' do everything that kan like
heard they'd do anything for a klondike
well, i'd do anything for a blonde-dike
and she'll do anything for the limelight
and we'll do anything when the time's right
ugh, baby, you're makin' it (harder, better, faster, stronger)


I need you right now
I need you right now

you know how long i've been on you?
since prince was on appolonia
since oj had isotoners
baby, you're making it (harder, better, faster, stronger)



you know how long i've been on you?
since prince was on appolonia
since oj had isotoners
don't act like I never told you

work it, make it, do it,
makes us harder, better, faster, stronger!

work it harder, make it better,
do it faster, makes us stronger,
more than ever, hour after,
our work is never over.

na-na-na that that don't kill me
can only make me stronger
I need you to hurry up now
'cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
'cause I can't get much wronger
man i've been waitin' all night now
that's how long i've been on you

I need you right now
I need you right now

let's get lost tonight
you could be my black kate moss tonight
play secretary, I'm the boss tonight
and you don't give a fuck what they all say right?
awesome, the christian and christian dior
damn, they don't make 'em like this anymore
I ask 'cause I'm not sure
do anybody make real shit anymore?
bow in the presence of greatness
'cause right now thou hast forsaken us
you should be honored by my lateness
that I would even show up to this fake shit
so go ahead go nuts go ape shit
especially in my pastel on my bape shit
act like you can't tell who made this
new gospel homie, take six, and take this, haters


I need you right now
I need you right now

me likey

I don't know if you got a man or not,
if you made plans or not
if god put me in your plans or not
I'm trippin' this drink got me sayin' a lot
but I know that god put you in front of me

so how the hell could you front on me?
there's a thousand you's, there's only one of me
I'm trippin', I'm caught up in the moment right?
cause it's louis vuitton don night
so we gon' do everything that kan like
heard they'd do anything for a klondike
well, i'd do anything for a blonde-dike
and she'll do anything for the limelight
and we'll do anything when the time's right
ugh, baby, you're makin' it (harder, better, faster, stronger)


I need you right now
I need you right now

you know how long i've been on you?
since prince was on appolonia
since oj had isotoners
baby, you're making it (harder, better, faster, stronger)



you know how long i've been on you?
since prince was on appolonia
since oj had isotoners
don't act like I never told you

like we always do at this time
I go for mine, I got to shine
now throw your hands up in the sky
I g-go for mine, I got to shine
now throw your hands up in the sky

I'm gonna get on this tv mama, I'm gonna
I'm gonna put shit down
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, I'm good

welcome to the good life
where niggas that sell d
won't even get pulled over in they new v
the good life, let's go on a living' spree
shit they say the best things in life are free
the good life, it feel like atlanta
it feel like l.a., it feel like miami
it feel like n.y., summertime chi, ah
(now throw your hands up in the sky)
so I roll through good
y'all pop the trunk, I pop the hood, ferrari
and she got the goods
and she got that ass, I got to look, sorry
yo it's got to be cause I'm seasoned
haters give me them salty looks, lawry's
50 told me go 'head switch the style up
and if they hate then let 'em hate
and watch the money pile up, the good life

now i, I go for mine, I got to shine
now throw your hands up in the sky
now i, I go for mine, I got to shine
now throw your hands up in the sky


welcome to the good life
where we like the girls who ain't on tv
cause they got more (ass than the models)
the good life, so keep it coming' with the bottles
till she feel boozed like she bombed out apollo
the good life, it feel like houston
it feel like philly, it feel like d.c.
it feel like va, or the bay, or ye
ayy, this is the good life
welcome to the good life

homie, tell me what's good
why I only got a problem when you in the hood
like I'm new in the hood, the only thing I wish?
(I wish a nigga would)
he probably think he could, but, but
I don't think he should
50 told me go 'head switch the style up
and if they hate then let 'em hate
and watch the money pile up, the good life



have you ever popped champagne on a plane
while getting' some brain
whipped it out, she said "I never seen snakes on a plane"
whether you broke or rich you gotta get biz
having' money's not everything, not having it is
I was splurging' on trizz
but when I get my card back activated
I'm back to vegas cause
I always had a passion for flashing' before I had it
I close my eyes and imagine, the good life

is the good life better than the life I live
when I thought that I was gonna go crazy
and now my grandmama ain't the only girl calling me baby
and if you feeling' me now then put your hands up in the sky
and let me hear you say hey, hey, hey, ooh
I'm good

I had a dream I can buy my way to heaven
when I awoke, I spent that on a necklace.
I told god i'd be back in a second,
man it's so hard not to act reckless.
to whom much is given much is tested.
get arrested, guess until, they get the message.
I feel the pressure, under more scrutiny,
and what I do? act more stupidly.
bought more jewelry, more louis v, my momma couldn't get through to me.
the drama, people suing me,
I'm on t.v. talking like it's just you and me.
I'm just saying how I feel man,
I ain't one of the cosby's I ain't go to hill man
I guess the money should've changed him,
I guess I should've forgot where I came from.

la, la, la, la wait till I get my money right
la, la, la, la then you cant tell me nothing right
excuse me, is you saying something?
uh, uh, you can't tell me nothing
(ha ha) you can't tell me nothing
uh, uh, you can't tell me nothing

let up the suicide doors.
this is my life homey, you decide yours.
I know that Jesus died for us,
but I couldn't tell you who decide wars.
so I parallel double parked that motherfucker sideways
old folks talking about back in my day
but homey this is my day.
class started 2 hours ago, oh am I late?
you know I already graduated
and you can live through anything if magic made it.

they say I talk with so much emphasis,
oh, they're so sensitive.
don't ever fix your lips like collagen
say something were you gone end up apologising.
let me know if it's a problem man,
alright man, holla then.


let the champagne splash, let that man get cash,
let that man get past.
you don't need a stop to get gas,
if he can move through the rumors, he can drive off the fumes cause
how he move in a room full of no's?
how he stay faithful in a room full of h**s?
must be the pharaohs, he in tune with his soul,
so when he buried in a tomb full of gold.
treasure. what's you pleasure?
life is a, uh, depending how you dress her.
so if the devil wear prada,
adam eve wear nada,
I'm in between, but way more fresher.
with way less effort, 'cause when you try hard,
that's when you die hard.
ya homies looking like "why god?"
when they reminisce over you, my god.

its what you all been waiting for ain't it?
what people pay paper for damn it
they cant stand it, they want something new
so let's get re-acquainted
became the hood favorite
I cant even explain it
I surprise myself too

life of a don, lights keep glowin'
comin' in the club wit that fresh shit on, with something crazy on my arm
ha ha hum, here's another hit, barry bonds

(yeah yeah yeah yeah)
we outta here baby!
we outta here baby!
we outta here baby!

dude!
fresh off the plane, konitchiwa bitches
turn around another plane, my passport on pivot
as for what I did it, that asshole done did it
talked it and he lived it, spitted then he shitted
I don't need to write hits, I might bounce ideas,
but only I could come up with some shit like this
I done played the underdog my whole career
ive been a very good sport, haven't i, this year
they said he's going crazy and we seen this before
but I'm doing pretty good as far as geniuses go
and I'm doing pretty hood in my pink polo
nigga please, how you gonna say I ain't no low-head
cos my dior got me more model head
I'm insulted
you should go head
and bow so hard till your knees hit your forehead
and the flow just hit code red
top 5 mc's you ain't gotta remind me
top 5 mc's you gotta rewind me
I'm high up on the line, you can get behind me
but my head's so big you can't sit behind me
life of a don, lights keep glowin'
comin' in the club wit that fresh shit on, with something crazy on my arm
ha ha hum, here's another hit, barry bonds

(yeah yeah yeah yeah)
yeah, yeah, we outta here baby!
wha, wha, we outta here baby!
and mr. west is so outta here baby
and me, I'm mr. weezy baby

I'm so bright not shady
my teeth and my eyes so wight like shady
ice in my teeth so refrigerated
i’m so fucking good like i’m sleeping with megan
i’m all about my franklins, lincolns and reagans
whenever they make them, I shall hayve them
oops I meant have them, I'm so crazy
but if you play crazy you be sleeping with daisies
its such a hayvic, oops I meant havoc
and my drink's still pinker than the easter rabbit
and I'm still cold (cole) like keisha's family
stove on my waist turn beef to patties
and I ate it cos I'm so at it
I don't front and I don't go backwards
and I don't practice
and I don't lack shit
and you can get barried
suck my bat bitch

we outta here baby
we outta here baby
we outta here baby

life of a don, lights keep glowin'
comin' in the club wit that fresh shit on
wit something crazy on my arm
ha ha hum, man here's another hit, barry bonds

we go through too much bullshit just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
we go through too much bullshit just to mess with these drunk and hot girls

(we go- through too- much bullshit- to mess- mess with- these drunk-
all of these drunk and hot girls)

driving around town looking for the best spot for the
(drunk and hot girls)
up in the club look at here what we got some
(drunk and hot girls)
stop dancing with your girlfriend and come dance with me
stop talking about your boyfriend since he is not me
stop running up my tab cause these drinks is not free
you drunk and hot girl

we go through too much bullshit just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
we go through too much bullshit just to mess with these drunk and hot girls

(we go- through too- much bullshit- to mess- mess with- these all-
all of these drunk and hot girls)

I don't wanna drop your friends off, I just want you
(you drunk and hot girl)
you wanna sit down but we hit the drive through
(you drunk and hot girl)
please don't fall asleep baby we almost back
please don't throw up in the car we almost crash
oh now you sober, how'd I know you'd say that
you drunk an hot girl

we gonna through too much bullshit just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
we go through too much bullshit just to mess with these drunk and hot girls

(we go- through too- much bullshit- to mess- mess with- these drunk-
all of these drunk and hot girls)

lot of dangerous necessity that people seek without regard
to where they are, the human heart is curious above all things,
laa the lights are low
your eyes are bright
the music, makes it sweet delight
it's out inside, I'm feeling right
your dress is tight
oh waaaa ow, I want you right now

don't tell me you sing,you bout to get a deal
(you drunk and hot girls)
aaa aaa aa aa aa, that's how the fuck you sound
(you drunk and hot girl)
you only live once do whatever you like
I thought i'd be with you for only one night
now I'm with this girl for the rest of my life
that drunk and hot girl

we go through too much bullshit just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
(a little sippy sippy)
we gonna through too much bullshit just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
(want a little whisky)

(we go- through too- much bullshit- to mess- mess with- these drunk-
all of these drunk and hot girls)

flashing lights, lights
flashing lights, lights
flashing lights, lights
flashing lights, lights

she don't believe in shootin' stars,
but she believe in shoes & cars
wood floors in the new apartment,
couture from the store's department
you more like l'eau de stardee shit,
I'm more of the, trips to florida
order the h'orderves, views of the water
straight from the page of your favorite author
and the weather so breezy,
man why can't life always be this easy
she in the mirror dancing so sleazy,
I get a call like where are you yeezy
try to hit you with a 'oeur de whopee'
till I get flashed by the paparazzi
damn, these nigga's got me,
I hate these nigga's more than the nazis

as I recall, I know you love to show off
but I never thought that you would take it this far
what do I know? flashing lights, lights
what do I know? flashing lights, lights

I know it's been a while,
sweetheart, we hard-ly talk, I was doing my thing
I know I was foul bay-bay,
a-bay late-ly you been all on my brain,
and if somebody would've told me a month ago
fronting though, yo I wouldn't wanna know
if somebody would've told me a year ago
it'd go, get this difficult
feeling like katrina with no fema
like martin with no gina
like a flight with no visa
first class with the seat back I still see ya
in my past, you on the other side of the glass
of my memory's museum,
I'm just saying, hey mona lisa,
come home you know you can't rome without caesar

as I recall, I know you love to show off
but I never thought that you would take it this far
what do I know? flashing lights, lights
what do I know? flashing lights, lights

as you recall, you know I love to show off
but you never thought that I would take it this far
what do you know? flashing lights, lights
what do you know? flashing lights, lights

flashing lights, lights
flashing lights, lights

lights, lights, lights, lights...

oh oh oho.
damn, here we go again.
oh oh oho.
common passed on this beat, I made it to a jam,

now everything I'm not, made me everything I am.
damn, here we go again.
people talking shit, but when the shit hit the fan
everything I'm not, made me everything I am.

I never be picture-perfect-beyonce
be light as al b or black as chauncey
remember him from blackstreet
he was as black as the street was
i'll never be laid back as his beat was
I never could see why people'll reach a
fake-ass facade they couldn't keep up
you see how I creeped up?
you see how I played a big role in chicago like queen latifah?
I never rock a mink coat in the winter time like killa cam
or rock some mink boots in the summertime like will.i.am
let me know if you feel it man
'cause everything I'm not, made me everything I am

damn, here we go again.
everybody sayin' what's not for him
everything I'm not, made me everything I am
damn, here we go again.
people talk shit, but when shit hits the fan
everything I'm not, made me everything I am

and I'm back to tear it up
haters, start your engines
I hear 'em gearin' up
people talk so much shit about me at barbershops
they forget to get their haircut
ok fair enough, the streets is flarin' up
'cause they want gun-talk, or I don't wear enough
baggy clothes, reebok's, or adidas
can I add that he do spaz out at his shows
so say goodbye to the naacp award
goodbye to the india.arie award
they'd rather give me the nigga-please award
but i'll just take the i-got-a-lot-of-cheese award

damn, here we go again.
everything I'm not, made me everything I am
damn, here we go again.
people talk shit, but when shit hits the fan
everything I'm not, made me everything I am

I know that people wouldn't usually rap this
but I got the facts to back this
just last year, chicago had over 600 caskets
man, killing's some wack shit
oh, I forgot, 'cept for when niggas is rappin'
do you know what it feel like when people is passin'?
he got changed over his chains, a block off ashland
I need to talk to somebody, pastor
the church want tithe, so I can't afford to pay
the slip on the door, cause I can't afford to stay
my 15 seconds up, but I got more to say
that's enough mr. west, please no more today

damn, here we go again.
everybody sayin' what's not for him
everything I'm not, made me everything I am
damn, here we go again.
people talk shit, but when shit hits the fan
everything I'm not, made me everything I am

"I got fury in my soul,
fury's gonna take me to the glory goal.
in my mind I can't study war no more."

gonna take you to the glory
oh I can't study war
yeah
I can't study war
no no
I can't study war
yeah
I can't study war
uh
I can't study war
now where the south side
I can't study war
uh uh uh
I can't study war
now where the west side
I can't study war
yep
I can't study war
uh

can I talk my shit again?
even if I don't hit again
dog are you fucking kidding?
my hat, my shoes, my coat, louis vuitton stitch, with donatello versace,
that's louis vuitton bitch
I think hennessy, I drank I'm gone on that bacardI lemon, corona, I'm zoning
class back in session so I up't it a grade
two years the dwayne wayne became the dwyane wade
and a
please don't start me
I'm like gnarls barkley meets charles barkley
I'm pop the barkers, I'm hood like parkers
while you all was in limbo I raised the bar up
I touched on everything
married to the game rock a chain stead of a wedding ring
you all brides maids catch the garter
on nights when romance
cameras flash so much
that I gotta do that yayo dance
I'm on a world tour with common my man
after each and every show a couple dykes in the van
it's easy
the hood love to listen to jeezy and weezy and o yeah yeezy
I did it for the glory


I can't study war
no no
I can't study war
no no
the glory
I can't study war
no no
I can't study war
I did it for the glory
I can't study war
no no I can't study war
no no I can't study war
I did it for the glory
no no I can't study war
no no I can't study war
the glory
no no
I can't study war
uh

what am I supposed to do now?
man the game all messed up
how I suppose to stand out when everyone get dressed up
so yeah at the grammies I went ultra travolta
yeah that tuxedo might have been a little gweedo
but with my ego, I can stand there with a speedo
and still be looked at like a fucking hero
the glory the story the chain the polo the nike the chronic
empty bottles of no do's
tank on empty whipping my mamma's volvo
I spent that gas money on clothes with logo's
the furrest man that shit that you don't floss
the goyard so hard man, I'm hugo's boss
why I gotta ask what that to door cost
house on the hill
two doors from tracey ross
and I'm asking about her girlfriends yeah the dark skinned ones
she asking about the speed boats yeah I admit we rented 'em
when you meet me in person what does it feel like
I know, I know I look better in real life
I hear people compare themselves to big a lot
you know big and pac, you know to get it hot
I guess after I live I wanna be compared to big
anyone big pun big l or notorious
fit in
get money and stunt and stay glorious
and I'm gonna start killin' these niggas as soon as the chorus hit

I'm coming home again.
do you think about me now and then?
do you think about me now and then?
cause I'm coming home again
I'm in home again.

I met this girl when I was three years old
and what I loved most she had so much soul
she said, excuse me little homie, I know you don't know me- but,
my name is windy and, I like to blow trees and,
from that point I never blow her off,
they can come from outta town I like to show her off,
they like to act tough, she like to tow em off,
and make em straighten up their act, cause she know they soft
and when I grew up she showed me how to go downtown
and at nighttime my face lit up so astounding
and I told her in my heart is where she always be
she never mess with entertainers cause they always leave
she said it felt like they walked and drove on me
knew I was gang affiliated got on tv and told on me
I guess it's why last winter she got so cold on me
she said, ye keep making that, keep making that platinum and gold for me

do you think about me now and then?
do you think about me now and then?
cause I'm coming home again
I'm in home again
do you think about me now and then?
do you think about me now and then?
oh, now I'm coming home again

maybe we can start again

but if you really care for her, then you would n-never hit the airport,
to follow your dream, sometimes I still talk to her, but when I talk to her
it always seems like she talking about me,
she said you left your kids and they just like you
they wanna rap and make show beats just like you,
but they just not you and I just got through
talking bout what she can try to do just not new
now everybody got the game figured out all wrong
I guess you never know what you got till its gone
I guess this is why I'm here and I cant come back home
and guess when I heard that when I was back home
every interview I'm representing you making you proud
reach for the stars so if you fall you land on a cloud
jump in the crowd, spark you lighters, wave em around,
and if you don't know by now, I'm talking about chI town,

do you think about me now and then?
do you think about me now and then?
cause I'm coming home again
maybe, do you remember when fireworks at lake michigan
oh, now I'm coming home again
I'm in home again
maybe, do you remember when fireworks at lake michigan
oh, now I'm coming home again
maybe we can start again

loyee oyeee oh, loyee oyeee oh
coming home again
loyee oyeee oh, loyee oyeee oh
coming home again
maybe we can start again

staduim status
uh

my big brother was big's brother
used to be dame and bigs brother
who was hip hop brother
who was no i.d friend
no i.d my mentor
now let the story begin

its the hard knock life tour
sell out, picture us in the mall
coping iceberg and yell out jigga
yea that's what we would yell out
yell out
you know the name dude
I gotta spell out or tell bout
j a y an ye so shy
now he won't even step to his idol to say hi
standing there like a mime
let the chance pass by
back of my mind he could change your life
with all these beats I did at least let him hear it
at least you could brag to your friends back at the gig
but he got me out my mama crib
then he help me get my mama a crib

big brother was bigs brother
used to be dame and bigs brother
who was hip hop brother
who was no i.d friend
no i.d my mentor
now let the story begin
let the story begin
if you feel the way I feel why don't you wave your hands

fresh off the plane I'm off to baseline
nothing handed out
I'm about to take mine
around the same time of that blueprint 1
any beats in my pocket was that blueprint form
i'd play my little song in that old back room
he would bob his head and say, damn, oh, that's you
but by the black album I was blacking out
party at s.o.bs and we had packed the crowd
big brother got his show up in madison square
and I'm like yea, yea we gonna be there
but not only did I not get a chance to spit it
carleen told me I could buy two tickets
I guess big brother was thinking a little different
kept little brother at bay, at a distance
put everything I felt was more focused
only made me more focused
only wrote more potent
only thing I wanna know is why I get looked over
I guess ill understand when I get more older
big brother saw me at the bottom of the todum
now I'm at the top and everybody on the scrodum

my big brother was bigs brother
used to be dame and bigs brother
who was hip hops brother
who was no i.ds friend
no i.d my mentor
now let the story begin
begin
let the story begin
if you feel the way I feel why don't you wave your hands

have you ever walked in the shadow of a giant
not only a client the presidito
hola ovito
the game getting foul so here's a free throw
I was always on the other side of the peep hole
then I dropped Jesus walks now I'm on a steep hole
and we know
new jack city gotta keep my brother
but to be number 1 I'm a beat my brother
on that diamond remix I swore I spaz
then my big brother came through and kicked my ass
sibling rivery, only I could see
it was the pride in me that was driving me
at the grammies I said I inspired me
but my big brother who I always tried to be
when I kick a flow it was like, pick and roll
cause even if he gave me the rock its give and go
I guess beanies style was more of a slam dunk
and my shit was more like a finger roll
but I had them singles though
and them hoes at the show gonna minggle yo.
ya know
I told jay I did a song with cold play
next thing I know he got a song with coldplay
back in my mind I'm like damn, no way
translate espanol
no way jose
then I went and told jay brown
should of known that was gonna come back around
should of told you like a man should of told you first
but I told somebody else that's what made shit worse

my big brother was bigs brother
so here's a few words from your kid brother
if you admire somebody you should go ahead and tell um
people never get the flowers while they could smell um
a ideal in my eyes, god of the game
heart of the city,rockafella chain
never be the same, never be another
number 1 young hov also my big brother

my big brother was bigs brother
used to be dame and bigs brother
who was hip hops brother
who was no i.ds friend
no i.d my mentor
and that's where the story ends

don't kill this shit.....

bittersweet
you're gonna be the death of me
I don't want you, but I need you
I love you and hate you at the very same time
bittersweet

see what I want so much, shit never hurt this bad
never did this before, that's what the virgin says
we've been generally warned, that's what the surgeon says
god talk to me now, this is an emergency
and she claim she only with me for the currency
you cut me deep bitch, cut me like surgery
and I was too proud to admit that it was hurting me
i'd never do that to you, at least purposely
we breaking up again, we making up again
but we don't love no more, I guess we fucking then
have you ever felt you ever want to kill her?
and you mix them emotions with tequila
and you mix that with a little bad advice
on one of those bad nights, ya'll have a bad fight
and you talking 'bout her family, her aunts and shit
and she say "motherfucker, yo momma's a bitch!"
you know, domestic drama and shit, all that attitude
i'll never hit a girl, but i'll shake the shit outta you!
but I'mma be the bigger man, big pimpin' like jiggaman
oh I guess I figure it's...


see what I want so much, shit never hurt this bad
never did this before, that's what the virgin says
we've been generally warned, that's what the surgeon says
god talk to me now, this is an emergency
and my nigga said I shouldn't let it worry me
I need to focus on the girls we getting currently
but I been thinking and it got me back to sinking and
this relationship it even got me back to drinking all this
hennessy
it's gonna be the death of me
and I always thought that you having our child was our destiny
but I can't even vibe with you sexually
cuz every time I would try, you would question me
saying "you fucking them girls, disrespecting me?
you don't see how ya lies is affecting me.
you don't see how our life was supposed to be.
and I never let a nigga get that close to me.
and you ain't cracked up to what you was supposed to be.
you always gone, you'll always be where them hoes'll be."
and this the first time she ever spilled her soul to me

I fucked up and I know it g
I guess it's bittersweet poetry

see what I want so much, shit never hurt this bad
never did this before, that's what the virgin says
we've been generally warned, that's what the surgeon says
god talk to me now, this is an emergency


why would she make calls out the blue
now I'm awake, sleepless til noon

hey hey hey hey
don't say you will
unless you will
hey hey hey hey
don't say you will
then play you will
I pray you will

mrs. so-fly crash-lands in my room
can't waste no time, she might leave soon

hey hey hey hey
don't say you will
you will
hey hey hey hey
don't say you will
one day you will
I pray you will

when I grab your neck, I touch your soul
take off your cool then lose control

hey hey hey hey
don't say you will
you will you will
hey hey hey hey
don't say you will
if you will
I pray you will

I wish this song would really come true
I admit I still fantasize about you
about you

hey hey hey hey
don't say you will
you will you will
hey hey hey hey
please say you will
for real
I pray you will

my friend showed me pictures of his kids
and all I could show him was pictures of my cribs
he said his daughter got a brand new report card (card)
and all I got was a brand new sports car
uh

and my head keeps spinning
can't stop having these visions
I gotta get wit' it
oh ho, oh ho, oh ho
and my head keeps spinning
I can't stop having these visions
I gotta get wit' it
oh ho, oh ho, oh ho

dad cracked a joke all the kids laugh
but I couldn't hear em all the way in first class
chased the good life my whole life long
look back on my life and my life gone
where did I go wrong?


I seen it, I seen it before
I seen it, I seen it before
i've seen it, i've seen it before
I seen it, I seen it before

my god sister gettin' married by the lake
but I couldn't figure out who I want to take
bad enough that I showed up late
I had to leave 'fore they even cut the cake
welcome to heartbreak

oh ho
oh ho
oh ho

and I can't, and I can't stop
no, no I can't stop
no, no, no, no I can't stop
no, no, no, no I can't stop
can't stop, I can't stop, I can't stop
no, no, no, no
no, no, no, no
no, no, no, no, no, no
no, no I can't stop

can't stop having these visions
I gotta get wit it
oh ho, oh ho, oh ho
oh ho
oh... oh ho

in the night, I hear them talk the coldest story ever told
somewhere far along this road, he lost his soul
oh, how could you be so heartless?

how could you be so cold as the winter wind when it breeze yo
just remember that you talking to me though
you need to watch the way you talking to me yo
I mean after all the things that we been through
I mean after all the things we got into
ayo, I know there are some things that you ain't told me
ayo, I did some things but that's the old me
and now you wanna get me back and you gonna show me
so you walk around like you don't know me
you got a new friend, well I got homies
but in the end it's still so lonely


how could you be so dr. evil?
you bringing out a side of me that I don't know
I decided we weren't gonna speak so
why we up 3 a.m. on the phone?
why would she be so mad at me for?
homie I don't know she's hot and cold
I won't stop wont mess my groove up
cause I already know how this thing go
you run and tell your friends that you're leaving me
they say that they don't see what you see in me
you wait a couple months then you gonna see
you'll never find nobody better than me


talking talking talking talk
baby lets just knock it off
they don't know what we been through
they don't know about me and you
so why I got something new to see?
and you just gonna keep hating me
and we just gonna be enemies
I know you can't believe
I could just leave it wrong
and you can't make it right
I'm gonna take off tonight (into the night)

it's amazing, I'm the reason
everybody fired up this evening
I'm exhausted, barely breathing
holding on to what I believe in

no matter what, you'll never take that from me
my reign is as far as your eyes can see
it's amazing, so amazing, so amazing, so amazing
it's amazing

I'm a monster, I'm a killer
I know I'm wrong
I'm a problem
that'll never ever be solved

and no matter what, you'll never take that from me
my reign is as far as your eyes can see
it's amazing, so amazing, so amazing, so amazing
it's amazing

I'm a monster, I'm a maven
I know this world is changing
never gave in, never gave up
I'm the only thing I'm afraid of

no matter what, you'll never take that from me
my reign is as far as your eyes can see
it's amazing, so amazing, so amazing, so amazing
it's amazing

I'm amazing (amazing), yeah I'm all that (all that)
if I ain't on my grind than what you call that (what you call that)
victorious, yeah we warriors
we make history, strive for victory (yeah)
standing at my podium, I'm trying to watch my sodium
die high blood pressure either let the feds catch ya (yeah)
I'm amazing born on a full moon
I was breed to get it in, no spoon
that's why I'm so goon summer time no joke
big family small house, no room
they like "oh god, why he go so hard
look what he's been through, he deserves an applause"

so amazing, so amazing, so amazing
it's amazing, so amazing, so amazing, so amazing
it's amazing

I'm not loving you, the way I wanted to
what I had to do, had to run from you
I'm in love with you but the vibe is wrong
and that haunted me, all the way home
so you never know, never never know,
never know enough, 'til it's over love
'til we lose control, system overload
screamin' "no! no! no! n-no!"
I'm not loving you, the way I wanted to
see I wanna move, but can't escape from you
so I keep it low, keep a secret code
so everybody else don't have to know

so keep your love locked down
your love locked down
keepin' your love locked down
your love locked down
now keep your love locked down
your love locked down
now keep your love locked down
you lose

I'm not lovin' you the way I wanted to
I can't keep my cool, so I keep it true
I got somethin to lose, so I gotta move
I can't keep myself, and still keep you too
so I keep in mind, when I'm on my own
somewhere far from home, in the danger zone
how many times did I tell ya fo it finally got through
you lose, you lose
I'm not lovin' you, the way I wanted to
see I had to go, see I had to move
no more wastin' time, you can't wait for life
we're just wastin' time, where's the finish line

so keep your love locked down
your love locked down
keepin' your love locked down
your love locked down
now keep your love locked down
your love locked down
now keep your love locked down
you lose

I'm not lovin you, the way I wanted to
I bet no one knew, I got no one new
I know I said I'm through, but got love for you
but I'm not lovin' you, the way I wanted to
gotta keep it goin', keep the lovin' goin'
keep it on a roll, only god knows
if I be with you, baby I'm confused
you choose, you choose
I'm not lovin' you, the way I wanted to
where I wanna go, I don't need you
i've been down this road, too many times before
I'm not lovin' you, the way I wanted to

so keep your love locked down
your love locked down
keepin' your love locked down
your love locked down
now keep your love locked down
your love locked down
now keep your love locked down
you lose, you lose
you lose, you lose
you lose

why are you so paranoid
don't be so paranoid
don't be so....
baby don't worry about it
lady don't even think about it
you worry bout the wrong things, the wrong things
you worry bout the wrong things, the wrong things
you worry bout the wrong things, the wrong things
you worry bout the wrong things, the wrong things

tell me right now
you really wanna spend your whole life alone
a little time out might do you good, might do us good
before we be done for good
cause I make it good I could make it hood
I can make you come I can make you go
I can make you high I can make you fly
make you touch the sky hey maybe so
all of the time
you be up in mine checking through my cell phone baby no
you wanna kill the vibe on another night
here's another fight oh here we go
baby don't worry about it
lady we'll go out to the floor

anyway they don't know you like I do
they'll never know you
anyway they don't know you like I do
they'll never know you

all of the time
you wanna complain about the nights alone
so now you're here with me
show some gratitude leave the attitude way back at home
yea you see em look
baby let em look give us cold looks cause we look cold
yea you heard about all the word of mouth
don't worry about what we can't control
all the talk in the world lost in the world
till you finally let that thing go
you wanna check in to the heartbreak hotel
but sorry we're closed
baby don't worry about it
lady we'll go out to the floor

anyway they don't know you like I do
they'll never know you
anyway they don't know you like I do
they'll never know you

baby don't worry about it
lady don't even think about it
you worry bout the wrong things, the wrong thing
you worry bout the wrong thing, the wrong thing
you worry bout the wrong thing, the wrong thing
you worry bout the wrong thing

anyway they don't know you like I do
they'll never know you
anyway they don't know you like I do
they'll never know you

bout the baddest girl I ever seen
straight up out a movie scene
who knew she was a drama queen
that a turn my life to stephen king
up late night like she on patrol
checking everything like I'm on parole
I told her some things she don't need to know
she never let it go
ok, ok, ok, ok
you will never stop it now
you never stop it now
ok, ok, ok
you will never stop it now
you need to drop it now....drop it...drop it

cause I don't want no robocop
you moving like a robocop
when did you become a robocop
now I don't need no robocop

just looking at your history
you like the girl from misery
she said she ain't take it to this degree
well let's agree to disagree
shorty kind of crazy but it turn me on
keep it up enough to keep it goin? on
I told her some things she don't need to know
she never let it go
ok, ok, ok, ok
you will never stop it now
you never stop it now
ok, ok, ok, ok
you will never stop it now
you need to drop it now....drop it...drop it

cause I don't want no robocop
you moving like a robocop
when did you become a robocop
somebody please make her stop

stop...drop...roll...pop bitch I'm cold....i
ain't used to being told stop
so I could never be your robot
fast or slow you can stay or can go
now, now that you know, now, now that you know
yea I had her before but that happened before
you get mad when you know so just don't ask me no more
ok, ok, ok, uh, uh
it ain't ok, ok, ok

you spoiled little la girl
you're just an la girl
you spoiled little la girl
you're just and la girl
you spoiled little la girl
you're just an la girl (you need to stop it now)
you spoiled little la girl
you're just an la girl (you need to stop it now)
oh you're kidding me
you must be joking
or you are smoking
oh oh you're kidding me
oh you're kidding me
ha ha that was a good one
your first good one in a while
your first good one in a while
you need to stop it now
you need to stop it now
oh you need to stop it now


let me know
do I still got time to grow
things ain't always set in stone
that be known let me know
let me
seems like, street lights, glowin
happen to be just like moments, passin
in front of me so I hopped in, the cab and
I paid my fare see I know my destination
but I'm just not there
all the streets, glowin
happen to be just like moments, passin
in front of me so I hopped in, the cab and
I paid my fare see I know my destination
but I'm just not there
in the streets
in the, streets
I'm just not there in the streets
I'm just not there
life's just not fair
seems like, street lights, glowin
happen to be just like moments, passin
in front of me so I hopped in, the cab and
I paid my fare see I know my destination
but I'm just not there
all the street lights, glowin
happen to be just like moments, passin
in front of me so I hopped in, the cab and
I paid my fare see I know my destination
but I'm just not there
all the street lights, glowin
happen to be just like moments, passin
in front of me so I hopped in, the cab and
I paid my fare see I know my destination
but I'm just not there
in the streets
in the, streets
I'm just not there in the streets
I'm just not there
life's just not fair
life's just not fair

didn't you know
I was waiting on you
waiting on a dream
that'll never come true
didn't you know
I was waiting on you
my face turnt to stone
when I heard the news

when you decide to break the rules
cos I just heard some real bad news

people will talk
like its old news
I played it off and act like I already knew
let me ask you
how long have you known too
you played it off and act like he's brand new

when you decide to break the rules
cos I just heard some real bad news

real bad news
real bad news
real bad news

oh you just gonna
keep another no you wont

oh you just gonna
keep it like you never knew

oh you just gonna
keep another love for you

oh you just gonna
keep it ike you never knew

while im waiting on a dream
that'll never come true

oh you just gonna
keep it like you never knew

my face turnt to stone
when I heard the news

whats on the news
channel crew

I'm cold! (yeah)
I'm cold! (yeah)
I'm cold! (yeah)
(yeah)

I got the right
to put up a fight
but not quite
cause you cut off my light
but my sight
is better tonight
and I might see you in my nightmare
oh how'd you'd get there
cause we were once a fairy tale
but this is farewell

I got my life
and it's my only one
I got the night
I'm running from the sun
so good night
I made it out the door, door, door, door,door
after tonight
there will be no return
after tonight
I'm taking off on the road
I'm taking off on the road
and letting you know
letting you know

tell everybody that you know
that I don't love you no more
and that's one thing that you know
that you know

okay I'm back up on my grind
you do you and I'm just gon' do mine
you do you cause I'm just gon' be fine
okay I got you out my mind
and the night is young
the drinks is cold
the stars is out
I'm ready to go
you always thought I was always wrong
well now you know

tell everybody, everybody that you know
tell everybody that you know
that I don't love you no more
and that's one thing that you know
that you know

I got the right
to put up a fight
but not quite
cause you cut off my light
but my sight
is better tonight
and I might see you in my nightmare
oh how'd you'd get there
cause we were once a fairy tale
but this is farewell

babygirl I'm finished
I thought we were committed
I thought we were cemented
I really thought we meant it
but now we just repent it
and now we just resent it
the clouds is in my vision
look how high that I be getting
and it's all because of you
girl we through
you think your shit don't stank
but you are mrs. p-u
and I don't see you
with me no more
now tell everybody that you know
that you know

that you know
tell everybody that you know
that I don't love you no more
and that's one thing that you know
that you know

l-l-l-l-letting you know
tell everybody that you know
that I don't love you no more
and that's one thing that you know
that you know


on lonely nights I start to fade
(on lonely nights I start to fade)
her love is a thousand miles away
(her love is a thousand miles away)
memories made in the coldest winter
goodbye my friend will I ever love again

memories made in the coldest winter

it's 4am and I can't sleep
(it's 4am and I can't sleep)
her love is all that I can see
(her love is all that I can see)
memories made in the coldest winter
goodbye my friend will I ever love again

memories made in the coldest winter
winter, winter

goodbye my friend will I ever love again
goodbye my friend will I ever love again
goodbye my friend will I ever love again
goodbye my friend will I ever love again

if spring can take the snow away
(if spring can take the snow away)
can it melt away all of our mistakes
(can it melt away all of our mistakes)
memories made in the coldest winter
goodbye my friend I won't ever love again

never again


yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

I fantasized about this back in chicago
mercy, mercy me, that murcielago
that’s me, the first year that I blow
how you say broke in spanish? me no hablo
me drown sorrow in that diablo
me found bravery in my bravado
dj’s need to listen to the model’s
you ain’t got no fuckin’ yeezy in your serrato?
(you ain’t got no yeezy, nigga?)
stupid, but what the fuck do I know?
i’m just a chi-town nigga with a nice flow
and my bitch in that new phoebe philo
so much head, I woke up to sleepy hollow

can we get much higher? (higher, higher)
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh

look like a fat booty celine dion
sex is on fire, i’m the king of leon-a lewis
beyond the truest
hey, teacher, teacher
tell me how do you respond to students?
and refresh the page and restart the memory?
respark the soul and rebuild the energy?
we stopped the ignorance, we killed the enemies
sorry for the night demons still visit me
the plan was to drink until the pain over
but what’s worse, the pain or the hangover?
fresh air, rolling down the window
too many urkels on your team, that’s why your wins low
don’t make me pull the toys out, huh
don’t make me pull the toys
and fire up the engines
and then they make noooise

can we get much higher? (higher, higher)
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh

at the mall there was a seance
just kids, no parents
then the sky filled with heron
(I saw the devil) in a chrysler lebaron
and the hell, it wouldn’t spare us
(and the fires did declare us)
(but after that, took pills, kissed an heiress)
(and moved her back in paris)

can we get much higher? (higher, higher)
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh

can we get much higher? (higher, higher)
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh

ain't no question if I want it, I need it
I can feel it slowly drifting away from me
I'm on the edge, so why you playing? I'm saying
I will never ever let you live this down, down, down

not for nothing i've forseen it, I dream it
I can feel it slowly dripping away from me
no more chances if you blow this, you bogus
I will never ever let you live this down, down, down

penitentiary chances, the devil dances
and eventually answers to the call of autumn
all of them fallin' for the love of ballin'
got caught with 30 rocks, the cop look like alec baldwin
inter century anthems based off inner city tantrums
based off the way we was branded
face it, jerome get more time than brandon
and at the airport they check all through my bag and tell me that it's random
but we stay winning, this week has been a bad massage
I need a happy ending and a new beginning
and a new fitted and some job opportunities thats lucrative

this the real world, homie, school finished
they done stole your dreams, you dunno who did it
I treat the cash the way the government treats aids
I won't be satisfied til all my niggas get it, get it?

ain't no question if I want it, I need it
I can feel it slowly drifting away from me
I'm on the edge, so why you playing? I'm saying
I will never ever let you live this down, down, down

is hip hop just a euphemism for a new religion
the soul music for the slaves that the youth is missing
this is more than just my road to redemption
malcolm west had the whole nation standing at attention
as long as I'm in polo's smilin they think they got me
but they would try to crack me if they ever see a black me

I thought I chose a field where they couldn't sack me
if a nigga aint shootin a jump shot running a track meet
but this pimp is, at the top of mount olympus
ready for the world's game, this is my olympics
we make 'em say ho cause the game is so pimpish
choke a southpark writer with a fishstick
I insisted to get up offa this dick
and these drugs, niggas cant resist it
remind me of when they tried to have alI enlisted
if I ever one of the greatest nigga, I must have missed it!

ain't no question if I want it, I need it
I can feel it slowly drifting away from me
I'm on the edge, so why you playing? I'm saying
I will never ever let you live this down, down, down

I need more drinks and less lights
and that American apparal girl in just tights
she told the director she tryna get in a school
he said "take them glasses off and get in the pool"
it's been a while since I watched the tube
cause like a crip said: "I got way too many blues for any more bad news"
I was looking at my resume feeling real fresh today
they rewrite history I don't believe in yesterday
and what's a black beetle anyway, a fucking roach
I guess thats why they got me sitting in fucking coach
but god said I need a different approach
cause people is looking at me like I'm sniffing coke
its not funny anymore try different jokes
tell 'em hug and kiss my ass, x and o
kiss the ring while they at it, do my thing while I'm got it
play strings for the dramatic
and end all of that wack shit
act like I aint had a belt in two classes
I aint got it I'm comin after whoever who has it
I'm coming after whoever who has it
you blowing up, that's good, fantastic
that y'all, its like that ya'll
I don't really give a fuck about it at all
cause the same people that tried to black ball me
forgot about 2 things, my black balls


I know cops, hems is lifting lenses
kid, armanI suits, fresh fruits, bally boots and benzes
counting up, smoking, one cuff
live as a red jag, a louis bag, grabbing a blunt, fuck it
steam about a hundred and one l's
kites off the jails, buying sweats, running up in stetson
nigga hat game was special
it matched every black pair of nikes
throwing dice for decimals
the older head, bolder head, would train a soldier head
make sure he right in the field, not a soldier dead
got made code red
break up the black skunk
the black dutch, back of the old shed
if you can't live, you dying
you give or buy in
keep it real or keep it moving, keep grinding
keep shining, to every young man, this is a plan
learn from others like your brothers rae and kanye

not for nothing i've forseen it, I dream it
I can feel it slowly dripping away from me
no more chances if you blow this, you bogus
I will never ever let you live this down, down, down


I'm living in the 21st century doin' something mean to it
do it better then anybody you ever seen do it
screams from the haters, got a nice ring to it
I guess every superhero need his theme music

no one man should have all that power
the clocks tickin' I just count the hours
stop trippin' I'm tripping off the power
(21st century schizoid man)

the system broken, the school's closed, the prison's open
we ain't got nothing to lose motherfucker we rollin',
huh? motherfucker we rollin'
with some light skinned girls and some kelly rowland's
in this white man's world we the ones chosen
so goodnight cruel world i'll see you in the mornin',
huh? I see you in the mornin'
this is way too much, I need a moment.

no one man should have all that power
the clocks tickin' I just count the hours
stop trippin' I'm tripping off the power
till then, fuck that the world's ours
(21st century schizoid man)

fuck snl and the whole cast
tell them yeezy said they can kiss my whole ass
more specifically they can kiss my ass hole
I'm an asshole? you niggas got jokes!
you short minded niggas thoughts is napoleon
my furs is mongolian, my ice brought the goalies in
I embody every characteristic of the egotistic
he knows, he's so fuckin' gifted
I just needed time alone, with my own thoughts
got treasures in my mind but couldn't open up my own vault
my child-like creativity, purity and honesty is honestly being crowded by these grown thoughts
reality is catching up with me, taking my inner child I'm fighting for custody
with these responsibilities that they entrust in me
as I look down at my diamond encrusted piece thinking...

no one man should have all that power
the clocks tickin' I just count the hours
stop trippin' I'm tripping off the powder
till then, fuck that the world's ours
(21st century schizoid man)

colin powell, austin powers
lost in translation with a whole fuckin' nation
they say I was the abomination of obama's nation
well that's a pretty bad way to start a conversation
at the end of the day goddamn it I'm killin' this shit
I know damn well ya'll feelin' this shit
I don't need your pussy, bitch I'm on my own dick
I ain't got a power trip who you going home with?
how 'ye doin'? I'm surviving
I was drinkin' earlier now I'm driving
where the bad bitches huh? where ya hidin'?
I got the power make your life so excitin'...

(oh hey oh hey oh hey
hey hey)

now this'll be a beautiful death
I'm jumping out the window
I'm letting everything go
I'm letting everything go

you got the power to let power go flow

I shoot the lights out
hide til its bright out
whoa, just another lonely night
are you willing to sacrifice your life?

bitch i’m a monster no good blood sucker
fat motherfucker now look who’s in trouble
as you run through my jungle all you hear is rumbles
Kanye West sample, here’s one for example

gossip gossip
nigga just stop it
everybody know (i’m a motherfucking monster)
i’ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
i’ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
profit profit, nigga I got it
everybody know i’m a motherfucking monster
i’ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
i’ma need to see your fucking hands...

the best living or dead hands down huh?
less talk more head right now huh?
and my eyes more red than the devil is
and i’m bout to take it to another level bitch
none of who you go and get, ain't nobody's cold as this
do the rap and attract triple double no assist
but my only focus is staying on some bogus shit
argue with my older bitch acting like I owe her shit
I heard the people saying raps are getting trap mayne
bought the chain that always give me back pain
fucking up my money so yeah I had to act sane
chI nigga but these hoes love my accent
she came up to me and said this the number 2 gal
if you wanna make it number one your number 2 now
this that goose an’ malibu I call it malibooya
god damn yeezy how I hit em with the new style
know that motherfucker well, what you gonna do now
whatever I wanna do, gosh it's cool now
nah gonna do, uh its a new now
think you motherfucker really really need to cool down
cause you will never get on top of this
so mommy best advice is to get on top of this
have you ever had sex with a pharaoh
I put the pussy in a sarcophagus
now she claiming that I bruise her esophagus
head of the class and she just want a swallowship
i’m living in the future so the present is my past
my presence is a present kiss my ass


sasquatch, godzilla, king kong
lochness, goblin, ghoul, a zombie with no conscience
question what do all these things have in common
everybody knows i’m a motherfucking monster
conquer, stomp ya, stop your silly nonsense
nonsense, none of you niggas know where the swamp is
none of you niggas have seen the carnage that i’ve seen
I still hear fiends scream in my dreams
murder murder in black convertibles
I kill a block I murder avenues
rape and pillage a village, women and children
everybody wanna know what my achilles' heel is
love I don't get enough of it
all I get is these vampires and blood suckers
all I see is these niggas i’ve made millionaires
milling about, spilling their feelings in the air
all I see is these fake fucks with no fangs
tryna draw blood from my ice cold veins
I smell a massacre
seems to be the only way to back you bastards up


pull up in the monster
automobile gangster
with a bad bitch that came from srI lanka
yeah i’m in that tonka, colour of willy wonka
you could be the king but watch the queen conquer
ok first things first i’ll eat your brains
then i’mma start rocking gold teeth and fangs
cause that’s what a motherfucking monster do
hairdresser from milan, that's the monster do
monster giuseppe heel that’s the monster shoe
young money is the roster and the monster crew
and i’m all up all up all up in the bank with the funny face
and if i’m fake I ain't notice cause my money ain't
let me get this straight wait i’m the rookie
but my features and my shows ten times your pay?
50k for a verse, no album out!
yeah my money’s so tall that my barbie's gotta climb it
hotter than a middle eastern climate
find it tony matterhorn dutty wine it
while it, nickI on them titties when I sign it
have these niggas so one-track minded
but really really I don’t give a f-u-c-k
forget barbie fuck nickI she’s fake
she’s on a diet but her pockets eating cheese cake
and i’ll say bride of chucky is child’s play
just killed another career it’s a mild day
besides ‘ye they can’t stand besides me
I think me, you and am* should menage friday
pink wig, thick ass, give em whiplash
I think big get cash make em blink fast
now look at what you just saw, this is what you live for
ah, i’m a motherfucking monster!

i-I crossed the line-line
and i’ll-i’ll let god decide-cide
i-I wouldn’t last these shows
so i-I am headed home

all of the lights
all of the lights
all of the lights
all of the lights

turn up the lights in here, baby
extra bright, I want y'all to see this
turn up the lights in here, baby
you know what I need
want you to see everything
want you to see all of the lights

(all of the lights)

fast cars, shooting stars

(all of the lights, all of the lights)
until it's vegas everywhere we are
(all of the lights, all of the lights)
if you want it you can get it for the rest of your life

something wrong
I hold my head
mj gone, our nigga dead!
I slapped my girl, she called the feds
I did that time and spent that bread
i’m heading home, i’m almost there
i’m on my way heading up the stairs
to my surprise a nigga replacing me
I had to take 'em to that ghetto university

all of the lights
cop lights, flash lights, spot lights
strobe lights, street lights
all of the lights
all of the lights
fast life, drug life
thug life, rock life
every night
(all of the lights)

turn up the lights in here, baby
extra bright, I want y'all to see this
turn up the lights in here, baby
you know what I need
want you to see everything
want you to see all of the lights

restraining order
can’t see my daughter
her mother, brother, grandmother hate me in that order
public visitation
we met at borders
told her she take me back
i’ll be more supportive
I made mistakes
I bump my head
courts suck me dry
I spent that bread
she need a daddy
baby please, can’t let her grow up in that ghetto university

all of the lights
cop lights, flash lights, spot lights
strobe lights, street lights
all of the lights
all of the lights
fast life, drug life
thug life, rock life
every night
(all of the lights)

turn up the lights in here, baby
extra bright, I want y'all to see this
turn up the lights in here, baby
you know what I need
want you to see everything
want you to see all of the lights

getting mine, baby
gotta let these niggas know, yeah
get it right, ay
you should go and get your own

getting mine, baby
gotta let these niggas know, yeah
get it right, ay
you should go and get your own

unemployment line, credit card declined
did I not mention I was about to lose my mind?
(my mind, my mind, my mind)
and also was about to do that line
okay, okay, you know we going all the way this time
(this time, this time, this time)
we going all the way this time
(time, time, time, time)
we going all the way this time

we going all the way this time

we going all the way this time

we going all the way this time

turn up the lights in here, baby
extra bright, I want y'all to see this
turn up the lights in here, baby
you know what I need, want you to see everything
want you to see all of the lights

one hand in the air if you don’t really care
two hands in the air if you don’t really care
it’s like that sometimes I mean ridiculous
it’s like that sometimes the shit’s ridiculous
one hand in the air if you don’t really care
middle finger in the air if you don’t really care
it’s like that sometimes, man ridiculous
life can be sometimes ridiculous

i’m so appalled
spalding balled,
balled in and donald trump taking dollars from yall
baby your fire and your girlfriend hired
and if you don’t mind, i’ma keep you on call
we above the law, we don’t give a fuck by yall
I got dogs that chew a fuckin’ hole through the wall
but since they all lovers
I need more rubbers
and if I don’t use rubbers, need more covers
house keeping, I mean gawd damn one time
let it be a bad bitch sweeping
that know we get o’s like cheerios
that know cuz they seen us in the videos
that know, the day that you play me
will be the same day mtv play videos
that was a little joke, voila!
praises due to the most high, allah
praises due to the most fly, prada
baby im magic, tadah!
address me as your highness
high as united, 30,000 feet up and you are not invited
niggas be writin’ bullshit like they gotta work
niggas going through real shit, man they outta work
that’s why I never gawd damn dance track, gotta hurt
that’s why I rather spit something that gotta perch
champagne wishes, 30 white bitches
I mean the shit is, fucking ridiculous
fucking ridiculous, I mean the shit is
fucking ridiculous

5 star dishes, different exotic fishes
man this shit is, fucking ridiculous
fucking ridiculous

how should I begin this
i’m just so offended
how am I even mentioned by all these fucking beginners?
i’m so appalled I might buy the mall
just to show niggas how much more I have in store
i’m fresher than you all
so I don’t have to pause
all of y’all can suck my balls through my draws
dark knight feeling, die or be a hero
or live long enough to see yourself become a villain
I went from the favourite to the most hated
or would you rather be underpaid or over-rated?
moral victories is for minor league coaches
and ‘ye already told you "we major" you cockroaches
show me where the boats is, ferrarI testarossa’s
the hammer went broke so you know i’m more focused
I lost thirty mill so I spent another 30
cuz unlike hammer 30 mill can’t hurt me
fucking insane, the fuck am I sayin’
not only am I fly, i’m fucking not playing
all these little bitches too big for their britches
burning their little bridges
fucking ridiculous

champagne wishes, thirty white bitches
I mean the shit is fucking ridiculous
fucking ridiculous
I mean the shit is fucking ridiculous

5 star dishes, different exotic fishes
man this shit is, fucking ridiculous
fucking ridiculous

success is what you make it
take it how it come
a half a mill in twenties is like a bill where i’m from
an arrogant drug dealer the legend i’ve become
cnn said i’d be dead by 21
black jack I just pulled in aces
you looking at the king in his face
everything I dream muthafuckers im watching it take shape
while to you i’m just a young rich nigga that lacks faith
range rove leather roof
love war fuck a truce
still move a bird like i’m in bed with mother goose
them hoes come in a bakers dozen
claiming they was with me when they know they really wasn’t
I keep the city’s best never said she was the brightest
so if you had it too, it don’t affect me in the slightest
I never met a bitch that didn’t need a little guidance
so I dismiss her past until she dissappoint your highness

I speak the gospel, hostel
tony doing time for what he did to nostrils
paranoid mind i’m still under the watchful
eye of the law, aspire for more
them kilo’s came we gave you bobby brown jaw
flaws aint flaws when it’s you that makes the call
flow similar to the legend of the falls
spillin’ I own you all, yeah

champagne wishes, thirty white bitches
I mean the shit is fucking ridiculous
fucking ridiculous
I mean the shit is fucking ridiculous

5 star dishes, different exotic fishes
man this shit is, fucking ridiculous
fucking ridiculous

I am so outrageous,
I wear my pride on my sleeve like a bracelet
if god had an ipod, i’d be on his playlist
my phrases amazes the faces in places
the favourite, huh
my cup over runneth with hundreds
dummy, dammit, not like for me to waste it
the new commandment, thou shall not hate kid
my movement is like the civil rights i’m ralph david
abernathy, so call my lady rosa parks
I am nothing like them niggas baby those are marks
I met this girl on valentines day fucked her in may
she found out about april so she chose to march
damn another broken heart
I keep bitches by the two’s nigga, noah’s ark
I got a seven on me, I call my dro the mark
plus a trojan in my pocket, matt leinert
g-a-t in the pathfinder
cause you haters got phd’s
y’all just some major haters and some math minors
tiger woods don’t make me grab iron

a yo champagne wishes and dirty white bitches
you know the shit is fucking ridiculous
fucking ridiculous
you know the shit is fucking ridiculous

cars for the missus and furs for the mistress
you know that shit is fucking ridiculous
fucking ridiculous
you know the shit is fucking ridiculous
fucking ridiculous
fucking ridiculous
fucking ridiculous

one hand in the air if you don’t really care
two hands in the air if you don’t really care
it’s like that sometimes I mean ridiculous
it’s like that sometimes the shit’s ridiculous
one hand in the air if you don’t really care
middle finger in the air if you don’t really care
it’s like that sometimes, man ridiculous
life can be sometimes ridiculous

one hand in the air if you don’t really care
two hands in the air if you don’t really care
it’s like that sometimes I mean ridiculous
it’s like that sometimes the shit’s ridiculous
one hand in the air if you don’t really care
middle finger in the air if you don’t really care
it’s like that sometimes, man ridiculous
life can be sometimes ridiculous

i’m so appalled
spalding balled,
balled in and donald trump taking dollars from yall
baby your fire and your girlfriend hired
and if you don’t mind, i’ma keep you on call
we above the law, we don’t give a fuck by yall
I got dogs that chew a fuckin’ hole through the wall
but since they all lovers
I need more rubbers
and if I don’t use rubbers, need more covers
house keeping, I mean gawd damn one time
let it be a bad bitch sweeping
that know we get o’s like cheerios
that know cuz they seen us in the videos
that know, the day that you play me
will be the same day mtv play videos
that was a little joke, voila!
praises due to the most high, allah
praises due to the most fly, prada
baby im magic, tadah!
address me as your highness
high as united, 30,000 feet up and you are not invited
niggas be writin’ bullshit like they gotta work
niggas going through real shit, man they outta work
that’s why I never gawd damn dance track, gotta hurt
that’s why I rather spit something that gotta perch
champagne wishes, 30 white bitches
I mean the shit is, fucking ridiculous
fucking ridiculous, I mean the shit is
fucking ridiculous

5 star dishes, different exotic fishes
man this shit is, fucking ridiculous
fucking ridiculous

how should I begin this
i’m just so offended
how am I even mentioned by all these fucking beginners?
i’m so appalled I might buy the mall
just to show niggas how much more I have in store
i’m fresher than you all
so I don’t have to pause
all of y’all can suck my balls through my draws
dark knight feeling, die or be a hero
or live long enough to see yourself become a villain
I went from the favourite to the most hated
or would you rather be underpaid or over-rated?
moral victories is for minor league coaches
and ‘ye already told you "we major" you cockroaches
show me where the boats is, ferrarI testarossa’s
the hammer went broke so you know i’m more focused
I lost thirty mill so I spent another 30
cuz unlike hammer 30 mill can’t hurt me
fucking insane, the fuck am I sayin’
not only am I fly, i’m fucking not playing
all these little bitches too big for their britches
burning their little bridges
fucking ridiculous

champagne wishes, thirty white bitches
I mean the shit is fucking ridiculous
fucking ridiculous
I mean the shit is fucking ridiculous

5 star dishes, different exotic fishes
man this shit is, fucking ridiculous
fucking ridiculous

success is what you make it
take it how it come
a half a mill in twenties is like a bill where i’m from
an arrogant drug dealer the legend i’ve become
cnn said i’d be dead by 21
black jack I just pulled in aces
you looking at the king in his face
everything I dream muthafuckers im watching it take shape
while to you i’m just a young rich nigga that lacks faith
range rove leather roof
love war fuck a truce
still move a bird like i’m in bed with mother goose
them hoes come in a bakers dozen
claiming they was with me when they know they really wasn’t
I keep the city’s best never said she was the brightest
so if you had it too, it don’t affect me in the slightest
I never met a bitch that didn’t need a little guidance
so I dismiss her past until she dissappoint your highness

I speak the gospel, hostel
tony doing time for what he did to nostrils
paranoid mind i’m still under the watchful
eye of the law, aspire for more
them kilo’s came we gave you bobby brown jaw
flaws aint flaws when it’s you that makes the call
flow similar to the legend of the falls
spillin’ I own you all, yeah

champagne wishes, thirty white bitches
I mean the shit is fucking ridiculous
fucking ridiculous
I mean the shit is fucking ridiculous

5 star dishes, different exotic fishes
man this shit is, fucking ridiculous
fucking ridiculous

I am so outrageous,
I wear my pride on my sleeve like a bracelet
if god had an ipod, i’d be on his playlist
my phrases amazes the faces in places
the favourite, huh
my cup over runneth with hundreds
dummy, dammit, not like for me to waste it
the new commandment, thou shall not hate kid
my movement is like the civil rights i’m ralph david
abernathy, so call my lady rosa parks
I am nothing like them niggas baby those are marks
I met this girl on valentines day fucked her in may
she found out about april so she chose to march
damn another broken heart
I keep bitches by the two’s nigga, noah’s ark
I got a seven on me, I call my dro the mark
plus a trojan in my pocket, matt leinert
g-a-t in the pathfinder
cause you haters got phd’s
y’all just some major haters and some math minors
tiger woods don’t make me grab iron

a yo champagne wishes and dirty white bitches
you know the shit is fucking ridiculous
fucking ridiculous
you know the shit is fucking ridiculous

cars for the missus and furs for the mistress
you know that shit is fucking ridiculous
fucking ridiculous
you know the shit is fucking ridiculous
fucking ridiculous
fucking ridiculous
fucking ridiculous

one hand in the air if you don’t really care
two hands in the air if you don’t really care
it’s like that sometimes I mean ridiculous
it’s like that sometimes the shit’s ridiculous
one hand in the air if you don’t really care
middle finger in the air if you don’t really care
it’s like that sometimes, man ridiculous
life can be sometimes ridiculous


and I always find, yeah, I always find somethin' wrong
you been puttin' up with' my shit just way too long
I'm so gifted at findin' what I don't like the most
so I think it's time for us to have a toast

let's have a toast for the douchebags,
let's have a toast for the assholes,
let's have a toast for the scumbags,
every one of them that I know
let's have a toast to the jerkoffs
that'll never take work off
baby, I got a plan
run away fast as you can

she find pictures in my email
I sent this girl a picture of my dick.
I don't know what it is with females
but I'm not too good with that shit.
see, I could have me a good girl
and still be addicted to them hoodrats
and I just blame everything on you
at least you know that's what I'm good at

see, I always find
and I always find
yeah, I always find somethin' wrong
you been puttin' up with my shit just way too long
I'm so gifted at findin' what I don't like the most
so I think it's time for us to have a toast

let's have a toast for the douchebags,
let's have a toast for the assholes,
let's have a toast for the scumbags,
every one of them that I know
let's have a toast to the jerkoffs
that'll never take work off
baby, I got a plan
run away fast as you can

r-r-ru-ru-ru-run away
run away from me, baby

(look at, look at, look at, look at you)
run away from me, baby
(look at you, look at you, look at you)
run away
run away from me, baby

24/7, 365, pussy stays on my mind
i-i-i-I did it, all right, all right, I admit it
now pick your next move, you could leave or live with' it
ichabod crane with that motherfuckin' top off
split and go where? back to wearin' knockoffs, huh?
knock it off, neiman's, shop it off
let's talk over maI tais, waitress, top it off
fools like vultures wanna fly in your freddy loafers
you can't blame 'em, they ain't never seen versace sofas
every bag, every blouse, every bracelet
comes with a price tag, baby, face it
you should leave if you can't accept the basics
plenty hoes in a baller-nigga matrix
invisibly set, the rolex is faceless
I'm just young, rich, and tasteless
p!

never was much of a romantic,
I could never take the intimacy.
and I know I did damage,
'cause the look in your eyes is killing me,
I guess you've got another advantage
'cause you could blame me for everything.
and I don't know how I'm a manage,
if one day you just up and leave
yeah, I always find somethin' wrong
you been puttin' up with my shit just way too long
I'm so gifted at findin' what I don't like the most
so I think it's time for us to have a toast

let's have a toast for the douchebags,
let's have a toast for the assholes,
let's have a toast for the scumbags,
every one of them that I know
let's have a toast to the jerkoffs
that'll never take work off
baby, I got a plan
run away fast as you can


I think I just fell in love with a porn star
turn the camera on, she a born star
turn the corners in a foreign car
call the coroners do the cpr
she gave that old nigga a ulcer
her bitter sweet taste made his gold teeth fake, uh
make her knees shake, make a priest faint, uh
make a nun cum, make her cremate, uh
move downtown, cop a sweet space, uh
livin' life like we won the sweepstakes, what!
we headin' to hell for heaven's sake, huh!
well I'mma levitate, make the devil wait, yeah!

have you lost your mind?
tell me when you think we crossed the line
no more drugs for me, pussy and religion is all I need
grab my hand and baby we'll live a hell of a life

never in your wildest dreams, never in your wildest dreams
in your wildest
you could hear the loudest screams, comin' from inside the screen
you a wild bitch
tell me what I gotta do to be that guy
said her price go down, she ever fuck a black guy
or do anal, or do a gangbang
it's kinda crazy that's all considered the same thing
well I guess alotta niggas do gang bang
and if we run trains, we all in the same gang
runaway slaves all on a chain gang
bang bang bang bang bang

have you lost your mind?
tell me when you think we crossed the line
no more drugs for me, pussy and religion is all I need
grab my hand and baby we'll live a hell of a life

one day I'm gon' marry a porn star
we'll have a big ass crib and a long yard
we'll have a mansion and some fly maids
nothin' to hide, we both screwed the bride's maid
she wanna role play, 'til I roll over
I'mma need a whole day, at least rolled doja
what party is we goin' to on oscar day
'specially if she can't get that dress from oscar de
la renta, they wouldn't rent her they couldn't take the shame
snatched the dress off her back and told her, "get away."
how could you say they live they life wrong?
when you never fuck with the lights on

have you lost your mind?
tell me when you think we crossed the line
no more drugs for me, pussy and religion is all I need
grab my hand and baby we'll live a hell of a life

I think I fell in love with a porn star
and got married in a bathroom
honeymoon on the dance floor
and got divorced by the end of the night
that's one hell of a life

let's play the blame game, I love you, more
let's play the blame game for sure.
let's call her names, names, I hate you, more.
let's call her names, names, for sure.

i'll call you bitch for short as a last resort and my first result.
you call me motherfucker for long,
at the end of it you know we both were wrong.

but I love to play the blame game, I love you more.
let's play the blame game for sure.
let's call out names, names, I hate you, more.
let's call out names, names, for sure.

on a bathroom wall I wrote
"i'd rather argue with you than to be with someone else" (else, else, else)
I took a piss and dismiss it like fuck it and I went and found somebody else
fuck arguing or harvesting the feelings, i'd rather be by my fucking self
till about 2am and I call back and I hang up and start to blame myself
somebody help


you weren't perfect but you made life worth it
stick around, real feelings might surface
been a long time since I spoke to you in a bathroom gripping you up fuckin and choking you
what the hell was I supposed to do
I know you aint getting this type of dick from that local dude
and if you are I hope you are have a good time
cause I definitely be having mine

and you aint finna see a mogul get emotional
every time I hear bout other nigga's stroking you
might say I hit you
he sitting there consoling you
runnin my name through the mud
who's provoking you
you should be grateful a nigga like me ever noticed you
now you noticeable and cant nobody can control you
1 a.m. and can't nobody get a hold of you
I'm calling your brothers phone like what was I supposed to do
even though I knew, he never told the truth
he was just gon say whatever you gon told him too
at a certain point I had to stop asking questions
chuck dirt on eachother like mud wrestlers
I heard he bought some coke with my money
dat aint right girl
you getting blackmailed for that white girl
you always said yeezy I ain't you're right girl
probably find one of them "I like art" type girls
all of the lights, she was caught in the hype girl
and I was satisfied being in love with the lie
and who to blame, you to blame, me to blame
for the pain and it poured every time when it rained
let's play the blame game...

let's play the blame game, I love you, more
let's play the blame game for sure.

things used to be, now they not
anything but us is who we are
disguising ourselves as secret lovers
we've become public enemies
we walk away like strangers in the street
gone for eternity
we erased one another
so far from where we came
with so much of everything, how do we leave with nothing
lack of visual empathy equates the meaning of l-o-v-e
hatred and attitude tear us entirely

let's play the blame game, I love you, more
let's play the blame game for sure.
let's call out names, names, I hate you, more.
let's call out names, names, for sure.

I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much
no, I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much

and I know that you are somehwere doing your thing
and when the phone called it just ring and ring
you aint pick up but your phone accidently called me back
and I heard the whole thing.
I heard the whole thing, the whole thing, the whole thing...

ohh my god..
baby you done took this shit to another motherfucking level
now a neighbourhood nigga like me aint supposed to be gettin no pussy like this
damn, damn! who taught you how to get sexy for a nigga?
(yeezy taught me)
you never used to talk dirty, but now you got damn disgusting,
my, my god, where'd you learn that?
(yeezy taught me)
look at you motherfucking butt ass naked with these motherfucking jimmy choos off
who taught you how to put some motherfucking jimmy choos on?
(yeezy taught me)
yo you took your game up a whole 'nother level, this is some cirque 'u soleil now!
you done went all porno on it, k. and i, and I love it..
and I thank you, I thank you, my dick thanks you!
how did you learn, how.. how did your game come up?
(yeezy taught me)
I was fucking parts of your pussy I never fuck before
I was in there like oo I never been here before. i've never even seen this part of town before.
it's like you got this shit re-upholstered or something. what the fuck happened?
who, who the fuck got your pussy all re-upholstered?
(yeezy re-upholstered my pussy)
you know what, I got to thank yeezy.
and when I see that nigga imma thank him.
imma buy his album, imma download that.. imma shoot a bootlegger!
that's how good I feel about this nigga
oww, I still can't believe you got me this watch. this motherfucker is the exact motherfucker I wanted
even with the bezel this is the motherfucker I wanted. I saw this shit, I saw it
twista had this shit on in the source. I remember, twista had this motherfucker on in the source
that's right, that's right! yo yo babe, yo yo this is the best birthday ever!
where you learn to treat a nigga like this?
(yeezy taught me)
yeezy taught you well, yeezy taught you well.

I'm up in the woods, I'm down on my mind
I'm building a still to slow down the time
I'm up in the woods, I'm down on my mind
I'm building a still to slow down the time
I'm up in the woods, I'm down on my mind
I'm building a still to slow down the time

I'm lost in the world, I'm down on my mind
I'm new in the city, and I'm down for the night
down for the night
said she's down for the night

you're my devil, you're my angel
you're my heaven, you're my hell
you're my now, you're my forever
you're my freedom, you're my jail
you're my lies, you're my truth
you're my war, you're my truce
you're my questions, you're my proof
you're my stress and you're my masseuse
mama-say mama-say ma-ma-coo-sah
lost in this plastic life,
let's break out of this fake ass party
turn this into a classic night
if we die in each other's arms we still get laid in the afterlife
if we die in each other's arms we still get laid

(I'm lost in the world)
run from the lights, run from the night,
(I'm down on my mind)
run for your life,
I'm new in the city, and I'm down for the night
down for the night
down for the night
I'm lost in the world, been down for my whole life,
I'm new in the city but I'm down for the night
down for the night
down for the night

who will survive in America?
who will survive in America?
who will survive in America?

I'm lost in the world, I'm down on my mind
I'm new in the city, and I'm down for the night
down for the night
said she's down for the night
I'm lost in the world, I'm down on my mind
I'm new in the city and I'm goin' for a ride
goin' for a ride
I'm lost in the world, been down for my whole life
I'm new in the city but I'm down the for the night
down for a night, down for a good time

us living as we do upside down.
and the new word to have is revolution.
people don't even want to hear the preacher spill or spiel because god's whole card has been thoroughly piqued.
and America is now blood and tears instead of milk and honey.
the youngsters who were programmed to continue fucking up woke up one night digging paul revere and nat turner as the good guys.
America stripped for bed and we had not all yet closed our eyes.
the signs of truth were tattooed across our open ended vagina.
we learned to our amazement the untold tale of scandal.
two long centuries buried in the musty vault, hosed down daily with a gagging perfume.
America was a bastard, the illegitimate daughter of the mother country whose legs were then spread around the world and a rapist known as freedom, free doom.
democracy, liberty, and justice were revolutionary code names that preceded the bubbling bubbling bubbling bubbling bubbling in the mother country's crotch

what does webster say about soul?
all I want is a good home and a wife
and our children and some food to feed them every night.
after all is said and done build a new route to china if they'll have you.

who will survive in America?
who will survive in America?
who will survive in America?
who will survive in America?

us living as we do upside-down
and the new word to have is revolution
people don't even want to hear the preacher spill or spiel
because god's whole card has been thoroughly piqued
and America is now blood and tears instead of milk and honey
the youngsters who were programmed
to continue fucking up woke up one night
digging paul revere and nat turner as the good guys
America stripped for bed and we had not all yet closed our eyes
the signs of truth were tattooed across our often entered vagina
we learned to our amazement, the untold tale of scandal
two long centuries buried in the musty vault
hosed down daily with a gagging perfume
America was a bastard
the illegitimate daughter of the mother country
whose legs were then spread around the world
and a rapist known as freedom, free-doom
democracy, liberty, and justice were revolutionary code names
that preceded, the bubblin' bubblin' bubblin' bubblin' bubblin'
in the mother country's crotch
what does webster say about soul?
"all I want is a good home and a wife
and a children, and some food to feed them every night"
after all is said and done, build a new route to china if they'll have you
who will survive in America?
who will survive in America?
who will survive in America?
who will survive in America?

I got my suit and tie
and I don’t know if y’all know
well, maybe y’all do
or maybe y’all don’t
but I don’t really care
it’s how we on it all the time
so i’ma get my money
let’s go

now, i’ma need you to kill the hypocrisy
this is an aristocracy
i’m socrates, but my skin more chocolately
what’s up with who? that’s old news
i’m in a speedboat, in my boat shoes
huh? I swear my whole collection’s so cool
I might walk in nobu with no shoes
he just walked in nobu like it was whole foods!
that nigga crazy, I told you!
immature adult (uh huh), insecure asshole (what else?)
and if you fall on the concrete, that’s yo’ ass fault
if you pass on a kon beat, that’s yo’ last fault
get what you ask for, I swear that’s yo’ ass, so
she got a big booty, but she couldn’t drop that ass low
‘til you take yo’ last ho, and rope up all the cash flow
when you gettin’ money, they be all up on yo’ ass, yo
when you gettin’ money kons don’t let a nigga pass go
straight to jail, yo, in a hell hole
right next to lucifer, tell ‘em I say hello
ask him if i’ma be there soon and tell ‘im I said “hell, no!”
yo, what you say when your people get out of jail, huh?

my niggas is home
I guess I got everything
everything I want
(lets go shopping dog, lets celebrate)
but I don’t
no matter how good it gets
(free weezy though)
it’ll never be like before
no women in the crowd
screamin’ and it’s loud
doin’ things not allowed
and I swear it’s goin’ down right now
(you know what it is)
I know one thing, my mama would be proud
and you see me lookin’ up
‘cause I know she’s lookin’ down right now

I know you see me now right now
(I know you see me now right now)
I know you see me now right now
(right now, right now)
I know you see me now right now
(right now)
I know you see me now right now

pour the champagne, let your watch show
shorty got a man watch, wrist look colossal
I admit my first watch was a fossil
now i’m in the louvre, lookin’ for fossils
attention to detail is so uncanny
and the whip’s on the sprewells, it’s so un-camry
somebody need to put us on camera
the world of rollies and everyone families
stay jordan fresh, suits and ferrari’s
cute, your shorty watch barneys, we at de bonny’s
end up at marley, georgi, and service from sergio
da kine lamborghini, the chain throw off the vertigo
I know the flow just hit a hellafied vertical
this the christ year, last year was magic, thirty-two
lyrically, can’t none of y’all murder ‘ye
‘cause y’all raps ain’t got no vertebrae
I got styled last june and she heard of me
I killed the fur last paris, raised the murder rate
first of all, we all know the beats is
like a mix between fergie and Jesus
imagine the direction of this immaculate conception
every one of his majesty’s swim parties is paegantries
cannonball off the diving board when I am board
all my homies gd’s, but I am lord
rap god, greek mythology
and this life too crazy to think logically
here’s something that you could use in analogy
my life is like a child’s illusions become reality

hey, feel like one of those old r. kelly joints, right?
I bet they put me back on the cover of ebony now
I know jet magazine callin’ right now
you lookin’ good today, too
I like that
you got your new suit on
and she got the extra cute on
I know you thinkin’ “this that yeezy we all love”
i’m back, baby
we back, baby!
uncle charlie, by the way
and i’mma let you finish, but I got beyonce on the track
that’s what it is
black excellence, baby
we the elite
we the greatest in the world!

hey, feel like one of those old r. kelly joints, right?
I bet they put me back on the cover of ebony now
I know jet magazine callin’ right now
you lookin’ good today, too
I like that
you got your new suit on
and she got the extra cute on
I know you thinkin’ “this that yeezy we all love”
i’m back, baby
we back, baby!
uncle charlie, by the way
and i’mma let you finish, but I got beyonce on the track
that’s what it is
black excellence, baby
we the elite
we the greatest in the world!

yeezy season approaching
fuck whatever y'all been hearing
fuck what, fuck whatever y'all been wearing
the monster about to come alive again
soon as I pull up and park the benz
we get this bitch shaking like parkinsons
take my number and lock it in
indian hair, no moccasins
it's too many hoes in this house of sin
real nigga back in the house again
black timbs all on your couch again
black dick all in your spouse again
and I know she like chocolate men
she got more niggas off than cochran (huh)

on sight
on sight

how much you wanna give a fuck?
let me show you right now before you give it up
how much do I not give a fuck?
let me show you right now before you give it up

he'll give us what we need
it may not be what we want

baby girl tryna get a nut
and her girl tryna give it up
chopped em both down
don't judge 'em joe brown
one last announcement
no sports bra, let's keep it bouncin
everybody wanna live at the top of the mountain
took her to the bleau she tried to sip the fountain
that when david grutman kicked her out
but I got her back in and put my dick in her mouth

on sight
on sight

ugh, huh
right now, right now
I need, I need
right now

for my theme song, my leather black jeans on
my by any means on, pardon I'm getting my scream on
enter the kingdom but watch who you bring home
they see a black man with a white woman at the top floor they gone come to kill king kong
middle America packed in, came to see me in my black skin
number one question they asking. fuck every question you asking
if I don't get ran out by catholics, here come some conservative baptists
claiming I'm overreacting like them black kids in chiraq bitch

four in the morning, and I'm zonin'
they say I'm possessed, it's an omen
I keep it 300, like the romans
300 bitches, where's the trojans?
baby we livin' in the moment
i've been a menace for the longest
but I ain't finished I'm devoted
and you know it, and you know it

so follow me up cause this shit's about to go down
I'm doin' 500, I'm outta control now
but there's nowhere to go, now
and there's no way to slow down
if I knew what I knew in gthe past
I would have been blacked out on your ass

four in the mornin', and I'm zonin'
they say I'm possessed, it's an omen
I keep it 300, like the romans
300 bitches, where's the trojans?
baby we livin' in the moment
i've been a menace for the longest
but I ain't finished, I'm devoted
and you know it, and you know it

stop all that coon shit, early morning cartoon shit
this is that goon shit, fuck up your whole afternoon shit
I'm aware I'm a wolf, soon as the moon hit
I'm aware I'm a king, back out the tomb bitch
black out the room bitch, stop all that coon shit
these niggas ain't doin' shit, these niggas ain't doin' shit
come on, homie, what happened?
you niggas ain't breathing you gasping
these niggas ain't ready for action
(ready, ready for action)

four in the mornin', and I'm zonin'
I think I'm possessed, it's an omen
I keep it 300, like the romans
300 bitches, where's the trojans?
baby we're livin' in the moment
i've been a menace for the longest
but I ain't finished, I'm devoted
and you know it, and you know it

so follow me up cause this shit's about to go down
I'm doin' 500, I'm outta control now
but there's nowhere to go, now
and there's no way to slow down
if I knew what I knew in the past
I would've been blacked out on your ass

blazing, mI don't want them
mI need them
blazing
suh mI tek har outta bugah red and put her in a tall skirt
and now she find out what life is really worth
no to x rated
yo mI tek har outta bugah red and put her in a tall skirt
and now she find out what life is really worth
no to x rated

I am a god
I am a god
I am a god

I am a god
hurry up with my damn massage
hurry up with my damn ménage
get the porsche out the damn garage
I am a god
even though I'm a man of god
my whole life in the hands of god
so y'all better quit playing with god

soon as they like you make 'em unlike you
cause kissing people ass is so unlike you
the only rapper compared to michael
so here's a few hating-ass niggas who'll fight you
and here's a few snake-ass niggas to bite you
and I don't even wanna hear 'bout what niggas might do
old niggas mentally still in high school
since the tight jeans they never liked you
pink-ass polos with a fucking backpack
but everybody know you brought real rap back
nobody had swag, man, we the rat pack
virgil pyrex, don c snapback
ivan, diamond, chi-town shining
monop' in this bitch, get a change of climate
hop in this bitch and get the same thing I'm in
until the day I get struck by lightning

I am a god
so hurry up with my damn massage
in a french-ass restaurant
hurry up with my damn croissants
I am a god
I am a god
I am a god

aaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh!!
aaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh!!
aaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh!!

I just talked to Jesus
he said, "what up yeezus?"
I said, "shit I'm chilling
trying to stack these millions."
I know he the most high
but I am a close high
mI casa, su casa
that's that cosa nostra
I am a god
I am a god
I am a god

aaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh!!
aaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh!!
aaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh!!
aaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh!!

my momma was raised in an era when,
clean water was only served to the fairer skin
doing clothes you would have thought I had help
but they wasn't satisfied unless I picked the cotton myself.
you see it's broke nigga racism
that's that "don't touch anything in the store"
and there's rich nigga racism
that's that "come here, please buy more"
what you want a bentley, fur coat and diamond chain?
all you blacks want all the same things
used to only be niggas now everybody play me
spending everything on alexander wang
new slaves

you see it's leaders and there's followers
but i'd rather be a dick than a swallower

you see it's leaders and there's followers
but i'd rather be a dick than a swallower

I throw these maybach keys
I wear my heart on the sleeve
I know that we the new slaves
I see the blood on the leaves
I see the blood on the leaves
I see the blood on the leaves
I know that we the new slaves
I see the blood on the leaves
they throwing hate at me
want me to stay at ease
fuck you and your corporation
y'all niggas can't control me
I know that we the new slaves
I know that we the new slaves
I'm about to wild the fuck out
I'm going bobby boucher
I know that pussy ain't free
you niggas pussy, ain't me
y'all throwing contracts at me
you know that niggas can't read
throw on some maybach keys
fuck it, c'est la vie
I know that we the new slaves
y'all niggas can't fuck with me
y'all niggas can't fuck with ye
y'all niggas can't fuck with ye
i'll move my family out the country
so you can't see where I stay
so go and grab the reporters
so I can smash their recorders
see they'll confuse us with some bullshit like the new world order
meanwhile the dea
teamed up with the cca
they tryna lock niggas up
they tryna make new slaves
see that's that private owned prison
get your piece today
they probably all in the hamptons
braggin' 'bout their maid
fuck you and your hampton house
i'll fuck your hampton spouse
came on her hampton blouse
and in her hampton mouth
y'all 'bout to turn shit up
I'm 'bout to tear shit down
I'm 'bout to air shit out
now what the fuck they gon' say now?

I can hold my liquor
this man can't handle me
but this man can't handle his weed
on chicago, south of town
I'm on in indiana
I'm heard on the radio now

I can't handle no liquor
but these bitches can't handle me
I can't control my niggas
and my niggas they can't control me
you say you know me, my nigga
but you really just know the old me

bitch I'm back out my coma, waking up on your sofa
when I park my range rover, slightly scratch your corolla
okay, I smashed your corolla, I'm hanging on a hangover
five years we been over, ask me why I came over
one more hit and I can own ya, one more fuck and I can own ya
one cold night in october, pussy had me floating
feel like deepak chopra, pussy had me dead
might call 2pac over, yeezy's all on you sofa, these the red octobers
still ain't learn me no manners, you love me when I ain't sober
you love me when I'm hungover, even when I blow doja
then her auntie came over, skinny bitch with no shoulders
tellin' you that I'm bogus, bitch you don't even know us
baby girl, he's a loner, baby girl, he's a loner
late night organ donor, after that he disown ya
after that he's just hopeless, soul mates become soulless
when he's sober it's over and bitch, I'm back out my coma

I can't handle no liquor
but these bitches can't handle me
I can't control my niggas
and my niggas they can't control me
you say you know me, my nigga
but you really just know the old me

I heard you need a new fad
I heard you need a new stack
I heard you need a new phone
I know your 'rents ain't be home
callin' up your uncle's place
shit's all over the place
I don't hear your phone
ohhh on the phone

damn your lips very soft
as I turn my blackberry off
and I turn your bath water on
and you turn off your iphone
careless whispers, eye fuckin', bitin' ass
neck, ears, hands, legs, eatin' ass
your pussy's too good, I need to crash
your titties, let 'em out, free at last
thank god almighty, they free at last
we was up at the party but we was leavin' fast
had to stop at 7-eleven like I needed gas
I'm lyin', I needed condoms, don't look through the glass
chasin' love, lot of bittersweet hours lost
eatin' asian pussy, all I need was sweet and sour sauce
tell your boss you need an extra hour off
get you super wet after we turn the shower off

that's all them can do (say wah, say wah)
that's all them can do
we deal with action thing
just a badman thing a dat dem cab do
action thing yo a badman thing

man a badman you fI know say
disrespect we no tek, no way jose
try that 'pon february the 30th
that's hard, couldn't try that no day
when we roll round 'pon your block
nuh bother feel say we won't spray (like a aerosol can)
when we roll round 'pon your block
nuh bother feel say we won't spray (like an aerosol can)
we ago smile pan court day
because we beat murder charge like o.j

that's right I'm in it (should've known I would fall)
I'm in it (stepping on tacks on the floor)
that's right (and boys at your door)
that's right I'm in it (well you need to fight for your own)
that's right I'm in it (then don't let me at your table)
I'm in it (if you just gonna lay there)
fist jumps in the air, you love flame wars
i'll be gone long, grab that

picked up where we left off
I need you home when I get off
you know I need that wet mouth
I know you need that reptile
she cut from a different textile
she love different kinds of sex now
black girl sippin' white wine
put my fist in her like a civil rights sign
and grabbed it with a slight grind
and held it 'til the right time
then she came like aaaaahhh!

that's why I'm in it and I can't get out (that's all them can do)
that's why I'm in it and I can't get out (that's all them can do)
lay it off, it off, it off.
star fucker,
star fucker,
star fucker,
who? where?

time to take it too far now
michael douglas out the car now
the kids and the wife life
but can't wake up from the night life
I'm so scared of my demons
I go to sleep with a nightlight
my mind move like a tron bike
pop a wheelie on the zeitgeist
I'm gonna start a new movement
being led by the drums
I'm a rap-lic priest
getting head by the nuns
they don't play what I'm playing
they don't see what I'm saying
they be balling in the d-league
I be speaking swaghili

I just wanna clear my mind now
it's been racin' since the summertime
and I'm holdin' down the summer now
and all I want is what I can't buy now
cause I ain't got the money on me right now
and I told you to wait
yeah I told you to wait
so I'm a need a little more time now
cause I ain't got the money on me right now
and I thought you could wait
yeah, I thought you could wait
these bitches surroundin' me
all want somethin' out me
then they talk about me
would be lost without me
we could've been somebody
thought you'd be different 'bout it
now I know you naughty
so let's get on with it

you could've been somebody
'stead you had to tell somebody
let's take it back to the first party
when you tried your first molly
and came out of your body
and came out of your body
running naked down the lobby
and you was screamin' that you love me
before the limelight tore ya
before the limelight stole ya
remember we were so young
when I would hold you
before the glory
I know there ain't wrong with me

something strange is happening

you could've been somethin'
we could've, we could've been somebody
or was it all our first party
when we tried our first molly
and came out of our body
and came out of our body

before they call lawyers
before you tried to destroy us
how you gon' lie to the lawyers?
it's like I don't even know ya
I gotta bring it back to the 'nolia

fuck them other niggas cause I'm down with my niggas
fuck them other niggas cause I'm down with my niggas
fuck them other niggas cause I'm down with my niggas
I ride with my niggas, i'll die for my...

to all my second string bitches, trying to get a baby
trying to get a baby, now you talkin' crazy
I don't give a damn if you used to talk to jay-z
he ain't with you, he with beyonce, you need to stop actin' lazy
she instagram herself like "bad bitch alert"
he instagram his watch like "mad rich alert"
he only wanna see that ass in reverse
two thousand dollar bag with no cash in your purse
now you sittin' courtside, wifey on the other side
gotta keep 'em separated, I call that apartheid
then she said she impregnated, that's the night your heart died
then you gotta go and tell your girl and report that
main reason cause your pastor said you can't abort that
now your driver say that new benz you can't afford that
all that cocaine on the table you can't snort that
that going to that owing money that the court got
on and on that alimony, uh, yeah-yeah, she got you homie
'til death but do your part, unholy matrimony

I need to call it off, I need to make it known
'nother one, something gone, capricorn
dancing out on the lawn, fancy like the things she likes
she lives her life, I'm living mine

all dem a gwaan dem a dem a dem a gwaan
dem a gwaan gwaan gwaan, chop it and spray
all dem a gwaan dem a dem a dem a gwaan
dem a gwaan gwaan gwaan, chop it and spray

maybe it's cause she into leos
and I was into trios, plus all the trips to rio
couldn't have helped, it's gettin' cold
better bring your skI clothes, pick it through the keyhole
the door locked by myself and I'm feelin' it right now
cause it's the time when my heart got shot down
blocka-blocka, blocka, blocka-blocka, blocka
pour a little champagne, cranberry vodka
feelin' lied to like parents never said you adopted
your feelings like zulu, then nothing is a shaka
I hit her with jamaican dick, I'm the new shabba
she lookin' for her daddy, call me big poppa
on to the next saga
focus on the future and let the crew knock her
star wars fur, yeah I'm rockin' chewbacca
the one chief rocka, number one chief rocka

rockstar bitch call me elvis
m.o.b, she call me selfish
success got 'em jealous
shorty's killing, while I'm drilling
tattoos, how they break the news
it was real if you made the news
last night my bitches came in twos
and they both suck like they came to lose
dropped out the first day of school
cause niggas got cocaine to move
I be going hard, I got a name to prove
killing 'em, honey how I make the pain improve

we can send this bitch up, it can't go down
we can send this bitch up, it can't go down
we can send this bitch up, it can't go down
we can send this bitch up, it can't go down

we can send this bitch up, it can't go down
we can send this bitch up, it can't go down
we can send this bitch up, it can't go down
we can send this bitch up, it can't go down

this the greatest shit in the club
since "in da club"
it's so packed I might ride around
on my bodyguard's back like prince in the club
she say "can you get my friends in the club?"
I say "can you get my benz in the club?"
if not, treat your friends like my benz
park they ass outside 'til the evening end
when I go raw, I like to leave it in
when I wake up, I like to go again
when I go to work, she gotta call it in
she can't go to work, same clothes again
and her heart colder than the souls of men
louboutin on the toes again
tight dress dancing close to him
yeezus just rose again

we can send this bitch up, it can't go down
we can send this bitch up, it can't go down
we can send this bitch up, it can't go down
we can send this bitch up, it can't go down

memories don't live like people do
they always 'member you
whether things are good or bad
it's just the memories that you have

bound to fall in love
bound to fall in love (uh-huh, honey)

all them other niggas lame, and you know it now
when a real nigga hold you down, you supposed to drown
bound

bound to fall in love
bound to fall in love (uh-huh, honey)

what you doing in the club on a thursday?
she say she only here for her girl birthday
they ordered champagne but still look thirsty
rock forever 21 but just turned thirty
I know I got a bad reputation
walking 'round, always mad reputation
leave a pretty girl sad reputation
start a fight club, brad reputation
I turned the nightclub out of the basement
i'll turn the plane 'round, your ass keep complaining
how you gon' be mad on vacation?
dutty wining 'round all these jamaicans
uh, this that prom shit
this that what we do, don't tell your mom shit
this that red cup, all on the lawn shit
got a fresh cut, straight out the salon, bitch

I know you're tired of loving, of loving
with nobody to love, nobody, nobody (uh-huh, honey)

close your eyes and let the word paint a thousand pictures
one good girl is worth a thousand bitches
bound

bound to fall in love
bound to fall in love (uh-huh, honey)

I wanna fuck you hard on the sink
after that, give you something to drink
step back, can't get spunk on the mink
I mean damn, what would jeromey romey romey rome think?
hey, you remember where we first met?
okay, I don't remember where we first met
but hey, admitting is the first step
and hey, you know ain't nobody perfect
and I know, with the hoes I got the worst rep
but hey, their backstroke I'm tryna perfect
and hey, ayo, we made it, thanksgivin
so hey, maybe we can make it to christmas
she asked me what I wished for on my wishlist
have you ever asked your bitch for other bitches?
maybe we could still make it to the church steps
but first, you gon' remember how to forget
after all these long-ass verses
I'm tired, you tired, Jesus wept

I know you're tired of loving, of loving
with nobody to love, nobody, nobody
so just grab somebody, no leaving this party
with nobody to love, nobody, nobody (uh-huh, honey)

jerome's in the house, watch your mouth
jerome's in the house, watch your mouth
bound

bound to fall in love
bound to fall in love (uh-huh, honey)
